Undertow is a 1996 American TV thriller film directed by Eric Red.
Arno Ehret (born December 11, 1953 in Lahr) is a former West German handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
The story line of the film is considerably different from that of Gogol's novel, although it is closer to his expanded 1842 (pro-Russian Imperial) edition than his original (pro-Ukrainian) version of 1835.
The MONA or Hodges number for Psamatodes everiata is 6333.
This article lists the results for the Japan national football team in 1910s.
Front man Nick Burbridge named the band after Tommy McDermott, who gained notoriety for his two-hour piece on Radio Free Derry, calling for peace and love during the Derry riots.
Coincidentally, he was paired with Urmila Matondkar who had played his sister in his debut film Masoom (1983).
Pawnshop Guitars is the debut solo album by the former Guns N' Roses guitarist Gilby Clarke, released in 1994 via Virgin Records.
It stars Mark Strong in the lead role of Captain William Stanaforth, the first person on a lone mission to Mars.
Poisonous snakes from here are sent to the Haffkine Institute, Bombay, for preparing injections.
On January 10, 2007, Bowman announced, on the Amphibious Assault's website, that the second album, On Better Days and Sin-Eating, was now available to purchase.
More recently, under the aegis of Innovate UK funding, DAISY has been extensively modified to meet the needs of upstream activities within the Oil & Gas sector, in particular biostratigraphy.
It was episode 11 in Season 1.In the play civil servant Jimmy Nicholson (Ian Carmichael) returns home after a long period working in the Middle East to visit his son at boarding school, the same school where he himself attended.
In Europe and Japan, HAL Laboratory released its own Ghostbusters II game called New Ghostbusters II.
Its media partners include Catalyst Chicago, Chicago Sun-Times, and WTTW/Channel 11.The School Project episodes were each released as a free public screening in locations ranging from the Chicago History Museum to the University of Chicago.
Starting with Vamana, many Kasyapas, in large numbers, settled in the kingdom of Mahabali.
Jerry Levine (born March 12, 1957) is an American actor and director of television and theater.
Our Lady's College, Greenhills is a Roman Catholic all-girls college located in Greenhills, Drogheda, County Louth, in the Republic of Ireland.
Myanmar is the world's most populous nation to never qualify for one of the Big Three international basketball competitions.
Un Tro Yn Y Gorllewin (One Time In The West) followed on Recordiau Slacyr in 2004, but the band split in 2005.
The act came to be known as Sakala act since November 2012.
Ting is a carbonated beverage popular in the Caribbean.
Seven genera have been recorded.
The club fields teams in the A Grade, Reserves, Senior Colts and Junior Colts grades.
Liguus fasciatus, the Liguus Tree Snails, also known as "living jewels", is a species of air-breathing land snail, a tree snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.
In December 1, 2013, Jesse Morrell's OpenAirOutreach.com, published a documentary film on Armstrong's personal life and preaching.
Inglewood Cottage passed from Lovering family ownership in 1986, Inglewood in 1991.
The street runs through the entire city center from Circular Quay in the north to Waterloo, although today's street is in two disjointed sections after a substantial stretch of it was removed to make way for Sydney's Central Railway Station.
Don't Cry (1999), a fact-based drama about the murder of trans man Brandon Teena.
Gran Teatro Cervantes is a theater, dedicated to Miguel Cervantes, in Tangier, Morocco.
Last Roman Emperor, Last World Emperor or Emperor of the Last Days is a figure of medieval European legend, which developed as an aspect of eschatology in the Catholic Church.
The magnetic pickups are P-90 single-coil pickups, which are used on some Gibson guitars such as the Les Paul Jr. but are rarely used on Fender guitars.
Haggard's leaf-eared mouse (Phyllotis haggardi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Fremitomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.
These concepts of T-mazes are used to assess rodent behavior.
The Holly Springs School District is a public school district based in Holly Springs, Mississippi (USA).
She lived in Singapore for four years from 1997 until 2001.
Webcam words refer to several paper signs in different locations in the live broadcast studio, each appearing on a different webcam, each containing a word, which make up a challenging and subtle related train of thought.
As of 2015, the principal is Syed Ikbal Moiz and the vice principal is Sirajul Islam.
KRCW-TV, virtual channel 32 (UHF digital channel 33), is a CW-affiliated television station serving Portland, Oregon, United States that is licensed to the state capital of Salem.
Visitors often anchor at Lee Bay or Cam Bay, a national park and good snorkeling site.
It has offices in Brisbane and Salt Lake City.
Corridor D in Europe is a multinational, multiagency project to improve freight rail capacity and speed, initiated and supported by the European Commission.
Released in 1994, it consists of two disks of songs from the Band's first seven albums, and a third disk of rarities taken from various studio sessions and live performances.
The complex includes the Ultrabithorax (Ubx), Abdominal A (abd-A) and Abdominal B (Abd-B) genes.
The company is headquartered in Oslo.
It is a political science book, but its first chapter deals with the history of the creation of the Senate and argues that the Senate was created not by federalist theory but out of the refusal of small states to go along with the US Constitution unless they were granted equal suffrage in one body of the national legislature.
First Interstate BancSystem, Inc., is a financial holding company for both the company and its primary banking subsidiary First Interstate Bank.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Liberia, Nigeria, and Uganda.
This is a list of electoral results for the Electoral division of Nhulunbuy in Northern Territory elections.
Lloyd Binch (born 28 March 1931) is a British former cyclist.
August 1985 remains the worst single month for commercial aviation fatalities in history; a total of 2,010 people were killed in commercial aviation accidents in 1985; the second highest in commercial aviation history since 1942; only 1972 had more fatalities (2,373).
Austrocidaria lithurga is a species of moth in the Geometridae family.
The area is also managed by the Whitewater-Rice Lakes Management District, which concerns itself with lake water quality and management.
The striker, employed as an air traffic controller, scored his first goal in his first cap against Belgium with a few minutes of playing time left (final score: 1-1).
The Botanical Garden opens in early May and is open daily for the summer season.
It occurs typically the weekend prior to or close to the anniversary of Roe vs. Wade, January 22.
The Westchester Lagoon is a combination of two artificial lakes which form a coastal lagoon near Downtown Anchorage, Alaska.
Vohipaho is a town and commune in Madagascar.
The Greensboro massacre is the term for an event which took place on November 3, 1979, when members of the Communist Workers' Party and others demonstrated in a "Death to the Klan" march in Greensboro, North Carolina, United States.
AND Automotive Navigation Data wants to become the mapping alternative in the market in the [PND] (Personal Navigation Device), smart phone and online markets.
Olsen has performed as a multi-instrumentalist in plays for the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles Music Center.
The British Royal Navy recaptured her and took her into service as HMS Rolla.
Activant Solutions Inc. was a privately held American technology company specializing in business management software serving retail and wholesale distribution businesses headquartered in Livermore, California.
In 2016, she joined the University of Michigan swim team.
The Muppets performed "Java" on the November 27, 1966 edition of The Ed Sullivan Show.
The original school opened in 1924 under the name Colerain Centralized School at 4700 and 4850 Poole Road and is now Colerain Elementary School and Colerain Middle School.
LST-761 was laid down on 18 June 1944 at Ambridge, Pennsylvania by the American Bridge Company; launched on 7 August 1944; sponsored by Mrs. H. A. Brainerd; and commissioned on 2 September 1944 with Lieutenant H. A. Swagart, Jr., USCGR, in command.
Mother Teresa of Calcutta is a 2003 biographical television film based on the life of Mother Teresa, the founder of the Missionaries of Charity religious institute.
It is based on the island of Taveuni.
In 2015, the group self-released Live From the Dentist Office, their 11-track debut project with features from Chuck Inglish, Curtis Williams, Glass Popcorn, and Demi Hughes.
It features lyrics by singer Maximum Bob while the studio album version of the song is instrumental.
Amblyopappus pusillus is an aromatic annual herb with an erect stem up to 40 centimeters in height.
He is a member of the New Orleans-based jazz group Astral Project with Johnny Vidacovich, Tony Dagradi, and Steve Masakowski.
She is the mother of actor Ricky Harun and mother-in-law of the actress and model Herfiza Novianti.
Despite several successful campaigns and raids by the Romans in the years after the battle, they never again attempted to conquer the Germanic territories east of the Rhine river.
The art camp tries to blur the lines between creative disciplines and therefore engages people from various disciplines, including but not limited to theater activists, photographers, film makers, musicians, psychologists, singers, poets, writers, journalists, actors, anthropologists, folklorists, historians, and art critics.
Patel currently holds 36 U.S. patents relating to lasers and laser applications.
They later took part in the Third Battle of Ypres and the advance to the Hindenburg Line.
The two sites had been occupied by supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsi, who had been removed from office by the military a month earlier in a military coup d'etat against him.
It focused on weather conditions for the evening commute.
Sovran is Draconian's fifth studio album released October 30, 2015, through Napalm Records.
Dancing Cat's albums were originally distributed by Windham Hill Records.
Its success motivated RKO Radio Pictures to invest in the 1933 film, King Kong.
The second makes apple cider.
The team's 2010 season was canceled after a steroid scandal, the biggest ever in CIS Football history.
Smith was drafted by Fremantle with their 13th selection and 100th overall in the 2016 AFL Women's draft.
The games were held from December 9 to 20, 1978.
Pinu is a village located on the coast line of western Central Province, Papua New Guinea.
It earned its architect the nickname of "Gingerbread George".
With its $9,480,000 sale on 17 June 2014 to Stuart Weitzman, this item has broken the world record for a single stamp auction price each of the last four times it has been sold.
William "Bill" Manhire, CNZM (born 27 December 1946) is a New Zealand poet, short story writer, professor, and New Zealand's inaugural Poet Laureate.
One of their most popular events is the bi-annual Rossville Home and Garden Tour where visitors can stroll through many of the homes and lush gardens in the neighborhood.
Meanwhile, the Chinese squad resisted the challenge from Spain on a historical breakthrough to add a silver in the event with 194.010, edging the Spaniards out of the pool to accept the bronze for a total score of 193.120.Eight teams competed, each consisting of eight swimmers (from a total team of nine swimmers).
Jack Baruth has been parodied on the satirical websites Autoblopnik and Sniff Petrol.
West Bergholt, formerly known as Bergholt Sackville, is a large rural village and civil parish in Essex, England, lying near the border with Suffolk, close to the ancient town of Colchester.
He succeeded on the death of his younger brother who was poisoned in 1475.
The Saturday edition of the newspaper played an important part in Melbourne's football culture, particularly before the introduction of television to Australia: the newspaper was released one to two hours after the completion of the afternoon's Victorian Football League games, and contained results and match reports.
Until 1987 Radarsoft released multiple titles for the Amiga, Atari, Philips MSX and DOS.
Weather conditions in winter closed the route and made crossing perilous at any time.
Berkshire (formerly 2-Ten FM) was an Independent Local Radio station, serving Berkshire and North Hampshire from studios in Reading.
The Peel Sessions Album is a compilation album by English rock band Wire.
The Rocket Mortgage Classic is a professional golf tournament, part of the PGA Tour.
It Echo is a live album by Jesus Culture.
Sameer Zia (born 8 September 1981 in the United Arab Emirates) plays cricket for the UAE as a specialist all rounder.
Today rempeyek is commonly found in Indonesia and Malaysia, as well as countries with considerable Indonesian migrant populations such as The Netherlands and Surinam .
The film was released on October 4, 1954, by United Artists.
The crackdown in 1989 led to great woes in China's reputation globally, and sanctions resulted.
He started acting dramas initially.
1783 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Ground Zeroes, Randolph became the longest serving English voice actor in franchise, having a role in all but one main Metal Gear Solid series game since 1998.
Its sister tree, which once demarcated the farthest extent of the Elmdon estate, is several miles away at the junction of Lode Lane and Solihull By-Pass/Seven Star Road on the outskirts of Solihull town center.
PC-1601 was decommissioned in December 1945 at San Francisco, California and transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal on 15 June 1948.
It is administered from the town of Springbok.
He was born in a Rajput family in a small village of Mara Khai located about a kilometer from the town of Islamgarh in Mirpur Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.
Triton was the first French jet aircraft to be manufactured and was completed during the 1940s by SNCASO.
PledgeMe is a Wellington, New Zealand-based crowdfunding platform which offers project and equity crowdfunding.
CapeTalk is a commercial AM radio station based in Cape Town, South Africa, broadcasting on AM/MW 567 to Cape Town.
The equipment and materials used in this stage are stencil, solder paste, and a printer.
Jericho Creek is a tributary of Telegraph Creek in Powell County, Montana.
Canada's nationality law closely mirrored that of the United Kingdom.
Exodus Communications was an Internet hosting service and Internet service provider to dot-com businesses.
Spice is the debut studio album by English girl group the Spice Girls.
The 36th Infantry Division was a German infantry formation of World War II.
Several convents of the congregation still existed in Italy in 1914.
It was commissioned for St Mary Redcliffe in 1755.
From 1975 to 1977 he co-managed (along with his partner, Rock Manager Bryan Morrison) the British proto-punk rock band Doctors of Madness, led by Richard Strange.
Acrocercops attenuatum is a moth of the Gracillariidae family, known from Saint Thomas Island, in the Virgin Islands.
The current director is Roos Gortzak.
WMMA-FM (93.9 FM) is a radio station in Nekoosa, Wisconsin.
Field is also one of the show's producers, and the editor of the parent website.
The final results saw the second ever occurrence of female siblings on the same individual's event Olympic podium, with French sisters Marielle Goitschel (gold) and Christine Goitschel (silver) repeating (in reverse order) their top two finish in the slalom two days earlier.
Histology is the study of the minute structure, composition, and function of tissues.
When the CNJ terminal in Jersey City closed, CNJ trains would run to Newark where passengers transferred to Pennsylvania Railroad or PATH trains to New York City.
With only 12 tracks on it instead of the 20 that albums in the Totally Hits series contained, the album flopped, reaching only #32 on the Billboard 200 and spending only 9 weeks on the chart.
The two-disk set is the Dave Matthews Band's first ever greatest hits album featuring 12 studio tracks on the first disk, and eight previously unreleased live tracks on the second disk.
A TV dinner (also called prepackaged meal, ready-made meal, ready meal, frozen dinner, frozen meal and microwave meal) is a packaged frozen or chilled meal that usually comes as an individual portion.
EEGs are used to measure the brain waves.
This page is an episode guide to all 52 episodes of the reality television series The Osbournes.
The health system offers specialized services including a new cancer center and a heart center with a 20-bed cardiac universal bed unit.
There has been considerable opposition to the uranium and nuclear industries in WA, especially since the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Mordellistena balcanica is a species of beetle in the Mordellidae family which is in the Mordellistena genus.
Diagnosis is often based on the appearance and symptoms.
Human right means different thing to different people.
Women's 50 meter freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships was held on 8 August with the heats and the semifinals and 9 August with the final.
Released after a year hiatus, it debuted at #1 on January 11, 1999.
"Storybook" is a collection of some of Kasey's favorite artists, musicians that have inspired and influenced her throughout her career and acts as a companion to her autobiography, A Little Bird Told Me.
His statue is currently standing in Bagavan, which is today considered a sanctuary to Pagans.
The Best of Freda Payne is a 24-track collection of songs that were recorded by Freda Payne for Invictus Records (which was owned by the songwriting team of Holland-Dozier-Holland, who happened to be friends of hers).
Expanded bed adsorption (EBA) is a preparative chromatographic technique which makes processing of viscous and particulate liquids possible.
Tea is cultivated in the central highlands and is a major source of foreign exchange.
The Gori are a Rajput clan found in the state of Gujarat, India.
Ice Palace is an action-adventure game designed by Paul Norris and published by Creative Sparks for the Commodore 64 in 1985.
Greenprinting relates to the conservation of land.
Flaumenhaft is a respected scholar of the statesman Alexander Hamilton and on the relationship of the sciences and the humanities.
Parsons spent time in the desert during the day and at local bars at night, consuming barbiturates and alcohol every day.
Over a hundred species have been described in eight genera.
This was the first official delegation by Dominicans since the two countries established diplomatic relation in March 2004.
Pruritic papular eruption (PPE) is characterized chronic pruritus and symmetric papular and pustular on the extensor surfaces of the arms, dorsum of the hands, trunk, and face with sparing of the palms and soles.
Examples include natural levees and crevasse splays.
In use the carrier and workpiece are inserted between centers and the leg of the carrier rests against the drive pin.
Right before the merge, the contestants took part in a challenge which Giannis lost and was eliminated.
Clinical symptoms are caused by the eggs.
Paul Shapiro is a jazz, world, and klezmer saxophonist from New York City.
Chaetopsis wauchii is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Chaetopsis of the family Tephritidae.
Anno Saul (born 14 November 1963, Bonn, West Germany) is a German screenwriter and film director.
The following is a list of major characters in the television series Roseanne.
Sharpsburg is a city in Taylor County, Iowa, United States.
The title song, sung by Campbell, was also Oscar-nominated.
Aru (or Haru) was a major Sumatran kingdom from the 13th to the 16th century.
It was upgraded to a municipality in 2004, it was recently merged with the Coimbatore Corporation.
This library allows generating PDF documents specified via a subset of html without learning underlying TCPDF api.
It is the sinking limb of a convection cell.
Including the previous incarnations as the Five Nations, and prior to that, the Home Nations, this was the fifty-second series of the northern hemisphere rugby union championship.
Attempted Mustache is the fourth album from Loudon Wainwright III.
In the UK it peaked at No. 26.
The Sheard's Mill Covered Bridge, also on the National Register of Historic Places list is next to the mill.
The article was also selected for inclusion in DaCapo's "Best Music Writing 2000".
Multiple factors are involved with premovement neuronal activity including motor preparation, inhibition of motor response, programming of the target of movement, closed-looped and open-looped tasks, instructed delay periods, short-lead and long-lead changes, and mirror motor neurons.
McRae, who was endorsed by Stewart, won a large victory against two opponents in the November 10 election.
Pathona is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.
Amer's holding of the post was meant to keep potential disloyalty within the armed forces in check.
The plant was named by Philip Barker Webb in 1849.
The station was used by over 1 million passengers in the period 2008-9.
This also conflicts the destruction of Skaro which has survived thanks to a larger plot played by the Dalek Prime.
The show was originally sold to NBC, which shot the pilot, then later found a home with Sci-Fi Channel.
Germain Gigounon (born 20 April 1989) is a Belgian tennis player.
Microvirga subterranea is a Gram-negative, moderate thermophile, rod-shaped and aerobic bacteria with a single polar flagellum from the genus of Microvirga which has been isolated from the Great Artesian Basin in Queensland in Australia.
Cantillana is a town located in the province of Seville, Andalusia, southern Spain.
In 2011 French Graffiti Art Magazine called him a prominent member of the one hundred contemporary artists to look out for.
The station's studios are located on the 18th floor of 303 East Wacker Drive in the Chicago Loop, while its transmitter is located in Elk Grove Village.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 8 (or virtual channel 9 via PSIP) from a transmitter in Woodland, Mississippi.
GenoCAD can be used online at www.genocad.com.
Abortion is the termination of a human pregnancy accompanied by the death of the embryo or fetus.
The main block was built about 1846, and is a two-story, five bay, single pile brick structure in the Greek Revival style.
As of July 12, 2010, WVOX can also be heard on the HD2 subchannel of its FM sister station, WVIP.Programming is primarily locally produced information and talk, including programs presented by local citizens and interest groups.
Donald "Don" Parry is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s.
Within Plans is the eleventh studio album by American punk rock band MxPx, which was released on April 3, 2012.
Some of the international treaties signed during Bush's presidency were SORT, Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants, International Cooperation on Computer Crimes among others.
Jeremy Tyler Harris II (born September 10, 1996) is an American college basketball player for the Buffalo Bulls of the Mid-American Conference.
The fire was described as "the first of its kind in downtown Toronto since the Great Fire of 1904"; although it destroyed a number of Eaton's buildings and damaged the nearby Church of the Holy Trinity, it did not significantly affect the newly constructed first phase of the Toronto Eaton Center.
The ride system was developed for Adventure Thru Inner Space, a Disneyland attraction that opened in 1967.
She regularly competes in U.S. Women's Chess Championship.
Dravidar Kazhagam would in turn give birth to many other political parties including Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.
The population was 2,517 at the 2000 census.
Deputy Director of Plans redirects here.
Catalina is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pima County, Arizona, United States.
Established in January 1946 by Sir Mortimer Wheeler during his tenure as Director-General of the ASI, Ancient India was published with an aim to "interest the educated Indian public in current work relating to the exploration and conservation of their great heritage of material culture" as well as to "provide technical matter primarily of interest to the archeologist".
Plobsheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The community was named after Wallingford, in England.
Longages is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Myth Takes is the third album by !.
Cybercriminals use Backoff to gather data from credit cards.
It was primarily filmed in Los Angeles, California, with additional footage in Crested Butte, Colorado; Las Vegas, Nevada; and Paris, France.
His resulting PhD was published in 1968 as Parties and Politics in Northern Nigeria.
Headlined by former Denver Broncos wide receiver Mark Jackson, a member of John Elway's "Three Amigos" receiving corps, the Thunder had high hopes coming into the 1999 campaign.
The North Oil Company is one of the 16 companies comprising the Iraqi Ministry of Oil.
Swear and Shake self-identify their sound as "Big Hook Americana".
Although The Eagle-Tribune is historically tied to Lawrence, Massachusetts, the largest city in its circulation area, it has been based since the 1960s in suburban North Andover, Massachusetts, and has not included "Lawrence" in its nameplate since the late 1980s.
Gcinile Moyane (born May 12, 1980 in Mbabane) is a retired female Swazi sprinter, who specialized in the 200 meters.
The song is often said to be the University's fight song, although the official fight song is the Cavalier Song.
Lytta deserticola is a species of blister beetle in the family Meloidae.
Annalise Keating is a fictional character in the legal drama series How to Get Away with Murder.
He also has been on the Board of the American Village, Advisory Board for the Michael E. Stevens College of Business, Alabama Council of Association Management, the USS Alabama Battleship Memorial Park and other organizations.
This is the final album with the name Capture the Crown before the name change to just Capture.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 68,197 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 62,498 enplanements in 2009, and 64,536 in 2010.
Commercial businesses line US 9 through the area and some single-family houses are located along the two main east-west roads and Fort Plains Road.
Hitchcock County is a county located in the U.S. state of Nebraska.
In 2005, Distaso was appointed a Stanislaus County Superior Court judge by California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
It was created again in 1377 for Thomas of Woodstock, the youngest son of King Edward III.
The speech also made an impact on Norwegian-Americans and the rest of the American public's opinion on the struggle in Europe.
The film features Vikram Prabhu and Keerthy Suresh in the lead roles, while Kavya Shetty essays a supporting role.
He remained at The Hawthorns, making fifteen league appearances, until January 1995 when he joined Sam Allardyce's Blackpool.
Xelibri phones also lacked a recognizable brand name, the highly regarded Siemens logo only appeared on the battery cover of the phones.
She was later considered the origin of the lineage of kings that rule Java, the great mother of the Rajasa dynasty, the royal family that ruled Java from the Singhasari to the Majapahit era.
The singles final was delayed by one day due to rain and was won by defending champion Guillermo Vilas who received the $16,000 first prize money.
The chemical reactions involved in thermal degradation lead to physical and optical property changes relative to the initially specified properties.
Hamden is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States.
Demirbilek is a village in the District of Batman, Batman Province, Turkey.
The enterprise takes a very active part in the development for instance in the research of Ultra high frequency technologies as partner of the University of Applied Sciences Fachhochschule Hannover.
It is notable as a large farmhouse that has survived for over a hundred years in the inner city.
In total he has seven wins on the tour, all of which came between 1989 and 1993.
The chain's offerings included comic books, action figures, gaming supplies, videos, and many other pop culture items.
Cornish politics is also defined by its historical relationship between the Liberal Democrats (and formerly the Liberal Party), and the Conservative Party, the main contenders for political office in Cornwall.
First, second and third-place winners in the Stage Championships are awarded medals and money prizes.
Kelly won gold medals in the women's team pursuit at the 2016 and 2017 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
Logisticus suturalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Hayden Jonathan Shaw (born 31 August 1980) is a field hockey player from New Zealand.
It took place at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham, England from 10 June until 16 June 1991.
First is a 1918 American comedy silent film directed by James Young and written by Edith M. Kennedy and Mary Roberts Rinehart.
Her research includes the use of polaritons to simulate structures such as the classical XY model.
Under Elizabeth I, a second justice was added to each of the Welsh circuits, after which the senior and junior justice are generally referred to as the Chief Justice of Chester and the Second or Puisne Justice of Chester.
Focal Press is an imprint of the academic press Taylor & Francis.
The 21064 is also known by its code name, EV4.
It is the first women's professional hockey league to pay its players.
The State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) of the People's Republic of China is an administrative agency tasked with drafting rules and regulations governing foreign exchange market activities, and managing the state foreign-exchange reserves, which at the end of December 2016 stood at $3.01 trillion for the People's Bank of China.
Only four were constructed, one setting records in Argentina and another remaining active into the 1980s.
In 1998 the commune had a population of 1902.
Directed by George Gordon, produced by Paul Terry and with original music by Philip A. Scheib, it was released in the USA on 9 July 1937.
Jerry Van Amerongen is a cartoonist based in the United States.
Murphy Hot Springs is an unincorporated community in Owyhee County, Idaho, United States.
The brook is about 4miles Long.
As a player, he was an Australia national and Queensland state representative back.
It was founded by Elias Matter in 1883.
Valore is an American company that provides an online textbook marketplace and open-source college textbooks that is based in Boston.
Current membership (as of March 2015) is "near 8,000".
Calafia is an album by Gerald Wilson's Orchestra of the 80's recorded in 1984 and released on the Trend label.
Tunnel to a Lost World was voted 'Best Documentary of the Year' by an audience poll in Turkey, the country where the film was made.
Her interviews with President Barack Obama, General David Petraeus, John McCain, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, Laura Bush, and others have been featured on her programs.
The official launch of Elements SBM (the products original name) 1.0 took place at Macworld 2009.
Mobley ran into problems with the league late in his career and was suspended for substance abuse violations.
Television broadcasts of the competitions were popular both in Europe and North America in the 1970s and 1980s.
The British and Irish Steam Packet Company was a steam packet and passenger ferry company operating between ports in Ireland and in Great Britain between 1836 and 1992.
Papalisa were used by the Incas prior to arrival of Europeans in South America.
Single-stick versions of Delta IV will be retired in 2018 and replaced by Atlas V, leaving only Delta IV Heavy from the Delta family, flying defense missions.
In 1380, Avignon Pope Clement VII provided Thomas with the Archdeaconry of the Bishopric of St. Andrews, as well as the canonry (and prebend) of Stobo in the Bishopric of Glasgow.
The town has an urban population of 10,251.The surrounding region is mainly farmland, the main cash crops being coffee, maize, beans, sunflower seed sugarcane and bananas.
Gerald Paul Koocher (born March 13, 1947) is an American psychologist and past president of the American Psychological Association (APA).
An oil depot (sometimes called a tank farm, installation or oil terminal) is an industrial facility for the storage of oil and/or petrochemical products and from which these products are usually transported to end users or further storage facilities.
Each race was contested, pitting the winners of the Republican and Democratic primaries conducted June 6.
The project is a collaboration between the British Academy and the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
Total units sold from launch August 2014 To November 2016 = 64,330 Units.
WAFL (97.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Top 40 format.
Tortoiseshell is a cat coat coloring named for its similarity to tortoiseshell material.
The majority 75% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 24% receives their livelihood from raising livestock.
She has an elder sister Rosie and a younger brother Joe, who is also working as an actor.
She articled with the firm of Guild Yule and Company, and upon her call to the bar joined the offices of the Department of Justice.
The SyNAPSE chip operates at lower temperatures and power because it only draws power necessary for computation.
They played most often in Texas and Mexico, where they received airplay on border radio stations such as WOAI and KTSA.
In all, 103 teams took part in the competition.
A program of community consultation was undertaken to find out local people's priorities for any alterations.
This is inspired from 1977 Bollywood film Amar Akbar Anthony starring Vinod Khanna, Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan.
He made one first-team appearance for the club as a substitute.
Mark Bouris returned as CEO, while Kerri-Anne Kennerley and Shelley Barrett became the new boardroom advisors.
The original (1982) licensee call letters of this radio station were WEUC, short for Emisora Universidad Catolica (English: Catholic University Broadcasting).
Mullin School has all grades (K-12) in one building.
However the Standing Orders of the House of Keys regarding the election of MLCs were amended on 4 April 2017, and a relevant Guidance Note was issued by the Speaker of the House of Keys in June 2017.
Neptune has also been scientifically studied from afar with telescopes, primarily since the mid 1990s.
The Adoption Information Disclosure Act, formally An Act respecting the disclosure of information and records to adopted persons and birth parents, also known as Bill 183, is an Ontario (Canada) law regarding the disclosure of information between parties involved in adoptions.
Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) (originally named Digital Home Working Group, DHWG) was founded by a group of consumer electronics companies in June 2003 (with Sony in the lead role) to develop and promote a set of interoperability guidelines for sharing digital media among multimedia devices under the auspice of a certification standard.
ANKRD24 is in the protein family that contains ankyrin-repeat domains.
The Society for Individual Freedom took on its present name in 1947".George Kennedy Young became president sometime after his departure from MI6 in 1961.
A light-emitting diode tattoo is a type of body modification similar to a tattoo, but specifically involves implantation of technologically based materials versus traditional ink injection into the layers of the skin.
His father, Tom, enjoyed a distinguished career with the John Mitchels club while he also played for Kerry at minor, junior and senior levels.
The secondary title of the film Scarface: The Shame of a Nation, and the prolog condemning gangster crimes at the beginning of the film were both added by request of the censorship offices.
The technologies and services comprising social infrastructure are made available by a variety of sources including social network providers such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google.
The community was named after Kewanee, Illinois, the native home of a lumber official.
In the south, its range stretches across the continent to Angola and south to the Cape in South Africa.
This album marked the joining of Yoshihiro Naruse (bass) and Masaaki Hiyama (drums) to the band.
Jergeson has worked as the grants director at Montana State University-Northern.
The station is currently owned by Iglesias Pentecostal Vispera del Fin.
Touch Pets: Dogs was a game for Apple's iPhone.
In metropolitan areas, women have more access to education, which means they are less confined to the home as housewives.
In 2003, the group gave him a "Fund Manager Lifetime Achievement" award.
The local St Edward the Confessor's church, built between 1900 and 1902 in the Gothic revival style, is a Grade II listed building.
Twenty years after the newspaper stopped publishing, publisher Thomas V. D'Antoni tried to restart Harry as a monthly publication in 1991.
Tricholoma album, commonly known as the white knight, is an all-white mushroom of the large genus Tricholoma.
A Republican, Denney previously served as a member of the Idaho House of Representatives, including three terms as Speaker.
Route 19 is a secondary highway, that runs along the shoreline of the Northumberland Strait in Queens County, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Metula is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
The award's syllabus has changed numerous times, but the current version is split into five areas: service in guiding, personal skill development, community action, outdoor challenge and a residential experience.
Nachhratpur Katabari is a census town in Uttar Dinajpur district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Prelude to Fame is a 1950 British drama film directed by Fergus McDonell and starring Guy Rolfe, Kathleen Byron and Kathleen Ryan.
It provides both online and print subscriptions at no charge.
It is characterized by large houses set in their own extensive grounds and though it remains within the civil parish of Penn today it has become contiguous with the market town of Beaconsfield.
Nyctosia poicilonotus is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.
They finished 6-10 but made the playoffs.
His son, Anthony Barr played college football at UCLA, and was drafted in the first round of the 2014 NFL Draft by the Minnesota Vikings.
The Angel Film Festival is an annual independent film festival that takes places in Islington, London.
It was first released in Canada in October 2005.
Later, Terry McKiever, a marketing person for Apollo, felt that it needed to be an acronym and invented the backronym Basic Large Object.
Ian Stephens is an artist, living in North Queensland, Australia.
This was burned down in a fire on Boxing Day 1994 and re-opened in May 1996 with a more traditional exterior shape.
The measure combining the music, jazz and drama schools into a College of Performing Arts.
When it was built in 1792 it was in a large open field around which trades operated including a corn chandler and butcher.
The theme tune was Pulstar from the album Albedo by Vangelis.
This system would lead also to some nationalizations when necessary and the greatest participation of the employees in all the aspects of the company, and in the utility given by the company.
It also works to create centers of pediatric cardiac competence in these countries, so these children can be treated at home.
The terms of service and privacy policy of ThingSpeak.com are between the agreeing user and Mathworks, Inc. ThingSpeak has been the subject of articles in specialized "Maker" websites like Instructables,Codeproject, and Channel 9.
CloudSNAP is a free and open source software released under the terms of the LGPL License and written in Java.
Felipe Camus take the second place and obtain 500.000 chilean pesos (U$D 930 dollars), and also a symbolic award "Spirit of Calle 7" for being the one the better shows the values of the program, as clean competition and friendship.
The cabinet was formed by the political parties Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA), Labor Party (PvdA) and the Christian Union (CU) after the election of 2006.
The Dooleys set up their own label, R 'n' R Records, and recorded this album with a new female vocalist, Vicki Roe.
It could not be named Rouse Hill as this name is used for a separate station to the east at Rouse Hill Town Center.
The building also hosts a successful adult hockey league containing approximately 50 teams during any session playing every night of the week.
Since then, he has appeared twice in Coronation Street, first as Wesley McGregor in 1982, and secondly as Mike Baldwin's boss Peter Ingram for a few episodes in 1990, before the character was killed off.
Organized by Mizuno Singapore, Mizuno Corporation's regional headquarters for Asia Pacific, it is the first dedicated ekiden race in Singapore with no individual runner categories.
Five were built, with four surviving in preservation.
Delaware 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series (now Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series) race that took place on October 17, 1971, at Dover Downs International Speedway (now called Dover International Speedway).
The novel is based on the biography of Brooke during that period, incorporating opinions, ideas, and excerpts from Brooke's letters and other primary sources documenting his life.
HMAS Cairns is responsible for all Australian naval activity off north-eastern Australia, and is the home base for one Armidale class patrol boat, two Cape class patrol boats and the ships of the Royal Australian Navy Hydrographic Service.
The company is registered offshore in Gibraltar as with other online gaming websites.
There are also three black points on the veins at the end of the discal areolet.
From 1976 to 1990, he was the judge of the Louisiana 19th Judicial District Court, based in East Baton Rouge Parish.
Bryn Du Mansion is a historic house in Granville, a village in Licking County, Ohio, United States.
Having used the original elements from the original masters, the mixers were able to attain new recordings, with much clearer sounds, heavier bass and noticeably higher volume levels of the background vocals.
Harsheel Dani (born 12 August 1996) is an Indian badminton player.
Doctor Who on a number of occasions, most prominently as a character voiced by Julie Cox in a series of audio plays produced by Big Finish Productions based on the series.
Formed in 1874, the club has employed a manager to run the team since 1901, the first being Peter Fairley.
In the remix Swizz adds some of his production.
Julian Bethwaite was the first to rig and sail a boat with one the next season, followed shortly by Andrew Buckland.
Rather than being aggregated, the options compete against one another based on differences in their local reinforcement rate.
The house was built for Thomas W. Jones, who built the last major shoe factory in Stoneham.
Cychrus xiei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae.
This occurs usually when sufficient state-produced money is not available from the central bank.
She was ranked #80 on the Maxim Hot 100 Women of 2001.
In March 2014 a further three-year delay in the project was announced by the Department of Defense, delaying a contract award until fiscal year 2018.
Before becoming a writer and producer, he was an actor, appearing in commercials, theater and on the Christian Broadcasting Network soap opera Another Life in the early 1980s.
Alessandro D'Alatri (born 24 February 1955) is an Italian film director, screenwriter and former actor.
The family owned a weaponry foundry in Georgia during the American Civil War, supplying armaments to the Confederate States Army.
It was designated a Chicago Landmark on August 31, 1977.
Limnaecia nigrispersa is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family.
Azam Ghauri was a member of the proscribed Islamist group Lashkar-e-Taiba and wanted for various crimes including the 1993 serial bomb blasts.
Against Leptines was a speech given by Demosthenes in which he called for the repeal of a law sponsored by Leptines which denied anyone a special exemption from paying public charges (leitourgiai).
The house was probably built c. 1782 by Moses Ballou, from one of the first families to settle in the area, and was owned by his descendants through most of the 19th century.
Unlike older baby boomers, most of Generation Jones did not grow up with World War II veterans as fathers, and for them there was no compulsory military service and no defining political cause, as opposition to United States involvement in the Vietnam War had been for older boomers.
He died in May 1856.
Echinozoon is a genus of parasitic alveolates of the phylum Apicomplexia.
In addition to his appearance in the 2012 film The Three Stooges, Charles played a young Peter Parker in The Amazing Spider-Man and had a role in the ABC comedy science fiction series The Neighbors.
Serbin Open was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1953 to 1957.
The pilot episode of Beach Bites aired on August 21, 2015.
It produces hallucinogenic, psychedelic, and entheogenic effects.
Lee Erin Snook, Associate Professor, baritone, is chair of the Vocal Division at Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas.
Article 5 of the Third Geneva Convention states that the status of a detainee may be determined by a "competent tribunal".
These areas either receive sunlight (midnight sun) or shade (polar night) 24 hours a day because of the earth's tilt.
He worked as an English language teacher in Sudan.
All at Sea is a 1935 British comedy film starring Googie Withers, Tyrell Davis and Rex Harrison.
The ages of consent vary by jurisdiction across Europe.
Cytochrome c nitrite reductase (ccNiR) (EC 1.7.2.2) is a bacterial enzyme that catalyzes the six electron reduction of nitrite to ammonia; an important step in the biological nitrogen cycle.
This release met with mixed reaction by critics and did not chart on any major charts in United States, finding a better chart performance in United Kingdom, where it became a top ten hit for the performers.
Certified Development Companies are established under the 504 code as non-profit corporations set up to support economic growth in their local areas.
They have a unique curriculum until class 10 and follow the Tamil Nadu State Board curriculum for classes 11 and 12.
There is also a village within the town by the same name.
Like many CDs in the UFO catalog, it was remastered and reissued with bonus tracks in 2007.
King's Lynn Stadium, also known as the Adrian Flux Arena and previously as the Norfolk Arena, is a short oval stadium situated to the south of King's Lynn on Saddlebow Road.
In 2013, India mined 37,515 carats of diamonds, from one industrial-scale mine and many artisanal mines; this was less than one-tenth of one percent of the world production of 132.9 million carats.
It is almost entirely black, except for white spots above each eye.
Homer Lee hired Thomas F. Morris, perhaps best known for his later work as the government's Chief of the Bureau of Engraving, from the American Bank Note Company to be his Superintendent.
The ancestor of the nursing pin is the Maltese cross.
Gravy Train! were an electroclash band from Oakland, California.
Many transmortals desire the burials, where they can endure life in sleep.
The other is the Royal Philatelic Society London.
Equatorial Guinea competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, Korea.
After back-to-back All-Ireland defeats with the hurlers, he ended his minor career as an All-Ireland medal winner with the footballers in 2012.
ISA is a member of the International Social Science Council with the status of the Non-Governmental Organization in formal associate relations with UNESCO and special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
The papal chamberlain of the Pope enjoys very extensive powers, having the revenues of the papal household under his charge.
These two straits are among the busiest and most critical seaways in the world, and because of the Bosphorus's status as the narrowest strait used for international navigation, maritime disasters have been common.
A 2015 eight-part documentary by VSH News, the first Balochi language news channel, called Baloch in America, shows that Baloch Americans live in different parts of the United States, including Washington D.C., New York, Texas, North Carolina and Washington.
Canistrum montanum is a species in the genus Canistrum.
He won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
The Communist governments of Hungary and Yugoslavia prevented the other two from traveling to Rome.
As a surprise, Chuck Bartowski reunites Sarah Walker with her old spy team, the eponymous "C.A.T. Squad", which includes Carina Miller (Mini Anden).
The show was presented by Clive Anderson.
It is also known as the Gundagai Rail Bridge over Murrumbidgee River and the Murrumbidgee River Railway Bridge.
The film was later 'blown-up' to 35mm and was screened in Colombo in 1950.
These three appear to form one of the main clades of terebellids.
The women's foil competition in fencing at the 2012 Olympic Games in London was held on 28 July at the ExCeL Exhibition Center.
Treatment Improvement Protocols (TIPs) are a series of best-practice manuals for the treatment of substance use and other related disorders.
Komatilanka is a village in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Two-terms incumbent Governor Rauf Aregbesola of the All Progressives Congress is in-eligible to run for re-election.
The polytechnics emerged in the 1980s, through the transformation of already existing non-university higher education schools of teachers and agriculture, at the same time that entirely new schools in other fields were also created.
He designed the Tesla Model S, Model X, Model 3, and second-generation Tesla Roadster.
Charge trapping flash accounted for 30% of 2008's $2.5 billion NOR flash market.
He is well known as the author of the Chung Kuo novels.
The Mithuna is equivalent to the Gemini in Tropical Zodiac.
QBasic, a short form of Quick Beginners All purpose Symbolic Instruction Code, is an integrated development environment and interpreter for a variety of BASIC programming languages which are based on QuickBASIC.
The strip focuses primarily on contemporary American athletics, which allows it to remain topical and also to dabble in related subjects such as politics and social issues.
The Aurach has its source in the Steigerwald Nature Park west of the village of Oberaurach, between Euerberg and Beerberg.
She is a professor of music at University of California, Davis and a former dean of the Division of Humanities, Arts and Cultural Studies.
Plants of this genus, some of which are aquatic, can be used in alley cropping to increase the soil's nitrogen content.
Lions Eye Institute (LEI) is an Australian medical research institute affiliated with the University of Western Australia.
Itatar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal.
Deutsche Presse-Agentur GmbH (DPA; German Press Agency) is a German news agency founded in 1949.
In 1898, a Trans-Mississippi Exposition was held at Kountze Park in Omaha, Nebraska.
Despite four goals from Brian Horan, the Coasters lost the one-game playoff by a score of 15-8 to the Bullfrogs; Goalie Neil Walsh kept the Coasters in the game, despite being outshot by a 28-15 margin.
The University of Alabama (Alabama or UA) is a public research university located in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, United States, and the flagship of the University of Alabama System.
Traffic analysis can be performed in the context of military intelligence, counter-intelligence, or pattern-of-life analysis, and is a concern in computer security.
The song features the vocals of English singer John Newman and is included on the deluxe edition of Newman's second studio album, Revolve.
The song was re-recorded with Robb after the band failed to secure the rights to release the song in the US with Smith's vocals from Shinedown's label, Atlantic Records.
He returned to the Common Council in 1854 when he won another special election on August 16, for a term that ended on May 9, 1855.
He is a Chief Parliamentary Secretary (Education) of Punjab and member of Punjab Legislative Assembly and represent Amritsar South.
The Town of Waumandee later purchased Harmonia Hall and uses it for events and meetings.
Legislation came into effect into the United Kingdom on 10 September 2009.
He was the only spiritual leader representing Hinduism at the 2005 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
The Keystone Derby Cup is awarded to the club with the best head-to-head record in Pennsylvania at the end of the USL season.
Gold leaf is a type of metal leaf, but the term is rarely used when referring to gold leaf.
The community is located at the mouth of the Miramichi River on the southern bank where the river estuary discharges into the bay.
The parish forms part of the New Forest district of the county of Hampshire.
According to Griffin, the reality shows, even the "scandal-plagued" Temptation Island, "amazingly" contributed clips to be mocked.
Founded in 1977 from a merger of the Dookie Football Club and the Dookie Agricultural College Football Club, Dookie United is based in the small Victorian town of Dookie.
Today it is one of the most visited and photographed attractions in the United States.
He was in office until 21 May 2018.
A jar of Barbicide sits on display in the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History.
The series, starring Serinda Swan as the main character of coroner Jenny Cooper is set to air on CBC in winter 2019.
Local Xpress was an online newspaper based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Lorwood is an unincorporated community in New Madrid County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
In 2002, the exterior part of the facility was renamed in honor of community leader and organizer Steve Brown.
MTC has manufacturing locations in North America, Europe and Asia with each site having a strategic focus on a particular market.
The recording features multiple slide guitar parts, played by Harrison, and contributions from musicians such as Neil Larsen, Willie Weeks and Jim Keltner.
Ucassaim is a village in Bardez, Goa.
It is the German representative in the "Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences CIOMS" at WHO.The German Journal for Evidence and Quality in Healthcare ZEFQ is one of the organization's official organs.
This town and its surrounding areas are part of a larger community known as the Ijebu Kingdom.
The village has one public house - The Red Cat, and is home to Fairfield Independent Hospital.
Classified as part of the basal family Hughmilleriidae, the genus contains three species, H. shawangunk from the eastern United States, H. socialis from Pittsford, New York, and H. wangi from Hunan, China.
The album was remastered and reissued on 22 June 1999 with the bonus instrumental track "Son of Alerik".
The Bandits will play their home games at the Abbotsford Center, located in the Fraser Valley.
Andrew Irving (born 13 May 2000) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Falkirk, as a midfielder on loan from Heart of Midlothian.
He represented the Free State Cheetahs in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions and the Cheetahs in Super Rugby for the majority of his career.
It also had woodworking, blacksmith, and electrical shops, a sawmill and a store.
Klenje is a village in the municipality of Golubac, Serbia.
The album was released on 15 September 2000 through label Niels William.
John E. Havens (born 1956 or 1957) is the current chairman of Citigroup spinoff, Napier Park Global Capital, and is also the former president and chief operating officer of Citigroup.
After arriving in Australia, Tattoo spent her entire career in Australian waters, and was placed in reserve on several occasions.
The 2016 Championship featured 12 teams, which all played one another twice in the regular season, once at home, and once away, totalling 22 games.
Amplicincia is a genus of moth in the subfamily Arctiinae.
Most of the line remains in use for that traffic and a light local passenger service.
About that time the group merged with another small sect, the Revolutionary Marxist League, led by Attilio Salamme and Karl Joerger, to create a group called the Workers Party.
Jayon Lee Brown (born February 26, 1995) is an American football linebacker for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL).
Bulimulus nux is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae.
James Kellway Pinder (March 26, 1841 - April 22, 1929) was an English-born farmer, businessman and political figure in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada.
For geographic and demographic information on the census-designated place North Brookfield, please see the article North Brookfield (CDP), Massachusetts.
Twenty 4 Seven is a Dutch music group originally formed in 1989 by producer Ruud van Rijen and rapper/producer Tony Dawson-Harrison (Captain Hollywood).
Julien Billaut (born 1981) is a French slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1998 to 2009.
It is native to the southwestern United States (California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona) and northwestern Mexico (Baja California), but it can be found in other areas as an introduced species, such as Hawaii.
In 1987, he appeared as Inspector Kite in the third series of The Bill.
SP-912 was built as the private motorboat Dorothea II in 1916 by the Smith & Williams Company at Salisbury, Maryland.
The genus itself has over 15 junior generic synonyms.
Chromothripsis is a neologism that comes from the Greek words chromo which means color (and represents chromosomes because they are strongly stained by particular dyes) and thripsis which means 'shattering into pieces'.
It was released as a single in February 1981 via MCA Records.
In order to allow players to participate in the 2004 Summer Olympics, the WNBA took a month-long break.
Whouley helped jumpstart both Gore's and Kerry's comeback in the presidential primaries after they came close to being overtaken by Bill Bradley and Howard Dean respectively.
Amongst the bilateral treaties concluded between Switzerland and Liechtenstein in the field of patents, the Patent Treaty of 22 December 1978 is considered to be the most important one.
A beamer was an occupation in the cotton industry.
The American Battle Monuments Commission list 301 dead who were members of this regiment interred at Manila American Cemetery and Memorial.
The Statue of Horemheb and Amenia is a large double statue of the Pharaoh Horemheb and his wife Amenia that was found at the ancient site of Saqqara in Egypt.
She has held the seat since 2006, having previously represented it from 1999 to 2002.
The Zeller Valley Railway (German: Zellertalbahn), also called the Pfrimm Valley Railway (Pfrimmtalbahn), is a branch line from Langmeil to Monsheim.
Concerto Maximo is a live album by the British progressive rock band Pendragon, released in 2009, recorded in Katowice, on October 13, 2008.
A number of researchers have implemented visual routines for processing camera images, to perform tasks like determining the object a human in the camera image is pointing at.
Making of Me was a 1989 film about conception and birth directed by Glenn Gordon Caron and starring Martin Short.
Johnston is from Irvine, North Ayrshire, in Scotland.
The Doncaster rail crash was a railway accident that took place near to Doncaster, England.
She focused on matters of traffic, water management and home affairs.
Begg last pitched for the Giants organization in 2008.
Set between 1548 and 1558, it is part of Philippa Gregory's Tudor series.
Uttarakhand Handloom and Handicraft Development Council is an agency of Government of Uttarakhand set up to motivate, guide and organize artisans of Uttarakhand and provide common platforms for direct interactions between creaters and connoisseurs, producers and buyers.
Hosting duties would later be taken over by Derek Roy.
Schematic lunar calendars can and do get out of step with the moon.
The event took place on April 30, 1998 at the Bunka Gym in Yokohama, Japan.
The film features the songs "Let Me Ride Down in Rocky Canyon", "Deep in the Heart of Texas", "Dusk on the Painted Desert", and "Rainbow In the Night" performed by Edith Fellows.
Marcel Ivanusa (born January 16, 1985) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers.
Multitech Business School (MBS) is a privately-owned institution of higher education, which offers degree, diploma and certificate courses in multiple business disciplines, in Uganda.
Geographical also reports news of the Society's latest work and activities to members and the public.
On 19 August 2015, the album was made available for streaming at Metal Hammer.
This commonly occurs as a woman ages.
The 50th Space Wing is a wing of the United States Air Force under the major command of Air Force Space Command.
The Moreton Bay fig near the park entrance is one of the largest trees in the country and is nicknamed the "Wedding Tree" by locals.
Raised in Gainesville, Florida, (Robinson)'s work depicts themes of privilege and consumerism, exploring perceptions of gender, race and ability.
The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Srivaikuntam.
In 1999 she received 'President of India Certificate of Honor in Persian.
In archery, a release aid, mechanical release, or release is a device that helps to fire arrows more precisely, by using a trigger to release the bowstring, rather than the archer's fingers.
Bethlehem was a Christian country rock band in the 1970s, during the Jesus Music era, before the rise of the CCM industry.
However, the Rams missed their mark by two games, and finished with a respectable 9-4-1 record.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, also known as CMS, considered the 3M APR-DRG and SOI system as a potential evolution to the DRG system in 2006, but received such negative feedback from the industry that in March 2007 decided to adopt another internally developed system evolved from the [Diagnosis-related group] DRG [1].
Today, NC State has an enrollment of more than 34,000 students, making it the largest university in the Carolinas.
Zambeef is listed on the Lusaka Stock Exchange with a market capitalisation of over US$70 million.
Pothan began his career as an assistant director to the 2010 film 9 KK Road.
He is the author or editor of fourteen books.
Located just inside Haleakala National Park near the summit of Haleakala in Maui, Hawaii, it includes a campsite and several hiking trails..
At the same time, securities law is also facilitative, allocating rights and duties in conjunction with general contract law.
Jesse Gilbert Campbell, Jr. (born April 11, 1969 in Washington, North Carolina) is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins, Philadelphia Eagles, and the New York Giants.
The Kongkong River, also spelled Kong Kong, is a stream in the South Sudanese state of Jonglei, west of Boma National Park near the Ethiopian border.
Hellfighters of the East, is a 1972 Hong Kong film directed by Chang Cheh.
Chris Hackett (born August 3, 1993) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent.
Her personal bests are 12.90 seconds in the 100 meters hurdles (+ 1.5 m/s, Barranquilla 2018) and 8.19 seconds in the 60 meters hurdles (Boston 2018).
22nd Street is an arterial road in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
She was inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame in 1978.
Hederopsis major is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family.
He is an External Professor at the Santa Fe Institute, a member of the New York Academy of Sciences, and a member of the Institute of Medicine's Committee on Identifying and Prioritizing New Preventive Vaccines.
P&P Projects specializes in theming, scenery, props, inter-actives, exhibits, animatronics, specials, scale models, and high quality interiors.
Ronald Savage is known as the Son of The Hip Hop Movement.
The composer of Get U're Dream, Aika Ohno self-cover this single in her cover album Silent Passage.
Although they are both classed as IALs, the intellectual bases of Esperanto and Interlingua are quite different.
The ProStar cab unit provides seating for two, sleeper area, powered by the MaxxForce family of engines and the Cummins ISX 15.
Brodnax is a town in Brunswick and Mecklenburg counties in the U.S. state of Virginia.
He was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the fourth round (126th overall) of the 2008 NFL Draft.
Rossi Bridge over Wollondilly River is a heritage-listed road bridge at 248 Main Road, Goulburn, Goulburn Mulwaree Council, New South Wales, Australia.
A Tribute to Deep Purple's Machine Head is a 2012 tribute album that features a variety of hard rock and heavy metal bands covering songs written by Deep Purple.
The 2010 Southeastern Conference football season began on Thursday, September 2, 2010 with South Carolina defeating Southern Miss on ESPN.
The Haffkine Institute for Training, Research and Testing is located in Parel in Mumbai (Bombay), India.
The show also starred Rory Kinnear who plays Kate's husband Dan, with whom she is going through marriage counseling.
Mingela is a town and locality in the Charters Towers Region, Queensland, Australia.
While not meeting the previous definition of (transcriptional) attenuation, these are now considered to be variants of the same phenomena and are included in this article.
The competitions were held from July 17, 1924 to July 24, 1924.
The cause was a hand grenade brought onto the plane by a Japanese gangster of the Yamaguchi-gumi.
It was discovered on 23 October 1984, by American astronomer couple Carolyn and Eugene Shoemaker at the Palomar Observatory in California, United States.
Having gained popularity on the Detroit underground hip hop and rap scene.
Currently, Yamasaki holds 23 Queensland, 15 Australian records and 1 Oceania record, including events in the under 16, under 18 and open categories.
The Loony Left is a pejorative term to describe those considered to be politically far-left.
They are commonly called collared adders or crown snakes.
The focus was not only on the perpetrator and the incident, but also on the media itself, with journalistic ethics being questioned.
It has to be conformed with national policy linked to the physical security of the aviation infrastructure.
The trunk A42 road divides Oakthorpe from Measham and Saltersford Brook divides it from Donisthorpe.
Great Braxted is a village between Great Totham and Tiptree in Essex, England.
Exilisia tripuncta is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.
If the network between points A and B consists of a physical cable, a "network tap" may be the best way to accomplish this monitoring.
Nearby places include Bigfork, Talmoon, Bowstring, Deer River, and Effie.
They have been identified as a Bronze Age warrior chieftain.
Some taxonomists usually also include the "guatemalae" larger conspecific group with the foothill screech owl, M. roraimae and the Choco screech owl, M. centralis.
Prairie Township is on the far west side of Franklin County touching the east side of Madison County.
NRSA grants are notable for their flexibility: postdoctoral researchers can propose to work at any university, and the only requirement is that they commit to at least one year of research in their field following their first year of funding.
The event can be very congested due to the large number of high school students and their parents attending, and backpacks are therefore not allowed in the building.
First Baptist Central Church is a historic Baptist church at 521 N. Central Avenue in Okmulgee, Oklahoma.
Andrea Di Paolo (born in Atessa, Italy, on February 24, 1978) is an Italian pianist and composer of contemporary classical music and neoclassical music.
She joined the newly formed Liberal National Party of Queensland in 2008 when the Liberal Party and the Nationals merged in Queensland.
The office is established in Article IV, Section 7 of the Constitution of Virginia.
Tatman serves as the studio's producer and chief engineer.
Marline Barberena (born May 24, 1987 in Miami) is a Nicaraguan-American beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Nicaragua 2014 and represented Nicaragua at Miss Universe 2014.
NPR commented on the Senate's reluctance to confirm Butler in an August 4, 2011 article, stating that "Some of the longest waiting nominees, Louis Butler of Wisconsin, Charles Bernard Day of Maryland and Edward Dumont of Washington happen to be black or openly gay".
Bhairivani Tippa Reservoir is built across this river.
Between 2007 and 2012 Lehrer published three non-fiction books that became best-sellers, and also wrote regularly for The New Yorker and Wired.com.
Bartlett captained Tasmania in the Teal Cup and was playing for Deloraine when he was picked up by the Brisbane Bears, with the 45th selection of the 1993 AFL Draft.
Numerous graduate programs in these fields are provided as well.
Fuscoderma is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Pannariaceae.
Over time, thyroid damage can cause thyroid hormone levels to be too low.
Randy Edelman (born June 10, 1947) is an American musician, producer, and composer for film and television known for his work in comedy films.
Waters Run Deep.
A 1989 doctorate degree graduate in Economics of Queen Mary College, University of London, Adedoyin Salami's research interests include issues in corporate long-term financial management; macroeconomic policy; corporate competitiveness and risk management; and characteristics of Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs).
He was editor of The Cambridge Review between 1975 and 1979.
The 2016 Africa Eco Race was the 8th edition of the rally-raid which replaced the Dakar Rally after its departure to South-America.
On 18 March 1982 Pope John Paul II created, by the Bull Eo Magis Ecclesia Catholica, the Archdiocese of Bamenda, the Ecclesiastical Province of Bamenda and erected the Diocese of Kumbo with territory detached from the Diocese of Bamenda.
The song is written about love for the Philippine capital.
She was the first U.S. Navy ship of that name.
Joanne Daniels is an American voice actress.
Leyden Street (Originally named First Street, afterward in the Records called Great and Broad Street; named Leyden Street in 1823, also known as Leiden Street or The Street), is a street in Plymouth, Massachusetts that was created in 1620 by the Pilgrims, and claims to be the oldest continuously inhabited street in the thirteen colonies of British North America.
The city of Dundee, Oregon was named after Dundee, where Reid had previously lived.
Previously the club had survived relegation in its debut season in Pakistan Premier League.
The printings suggested that it be sung to the tune of "The Little Old Log Cabin In The Lane" written by Will Hays in 1871.
It was the first Kappa Sigma chapter established in the state of Idaho.
Lawrence High enrolled 1,260 students in the 2007-2008 school year.
"The Swineherd" has been adapted to various media.
PC-lint is a command-line tool for performing static code analysis, indicating suspicious or plain wrong issues in source code.
Northwest of the house, an early unlined well was embellished in the 1970s by an early 19th-century combination well shelter and storage building which formerly stood on the original site of the 1775 Lane-Bennett house near Macedonia in Wake County.
Ceylon is an extinct town in Camden County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
The Baileys Harbor Town Hall-McArdle Library is located in Baileys Harbor, Wisconsin.
Its Faculty of Occupational Hygiene sets professional standards and is the only UK examining board for qualifications in occupational hygiene which are recognized internationally.
It states the relationship between income and consumption pattern, such as the changes in the aggregate income of the economy and the expenditures on consumption by the household sector.
It is endemic to Henderson Island in the southeast Pacific Ocean.
Utena Arena is a home arena of BC Juventus basketball team which plays its home matches of the Lithuanian Basketball League and Baltic Basketball League.
Ruman is an Ohio native and a graduate of Kent State University.
Spinning Dragons is a Gerstlauer spinning roller coaster at Worlds of Fun amusement park, Kansas City, Missouri.
Community Living Ontario (formerly Ontario Association for Community Living) is a non-profit organization in Ontario, Canada for people with intellectual disabilities.
He is now a director of Wal-Mart, the Reserve Bank of Australia and Fairfax Media.
In April 2015, Alden left NIU and joined Touro University Nevada as Provost.
Based in Herndon, Virginia, Calkain Companies has expanded along the east coast, becoming the largest net lease brokerage and advisory firm in Florida.
The organization advocates aligning Hinduism with Western ideas.
The song "Cerebral Man", which he wrote along with Tully Winfield, was recorded by Pat Benatar on her album entitled Wide Awake in Dreamland for which he received a gold album in 1988.
The organization was founded in 1991.
Proceeds from Arts, Beats & Eats benefit local charities; an estimated 1.7 million was donated in the first seven years.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.The first house of worship was built about 1760.
She was awarded the best actress in 2017 for her role in "Boheemiyanuwa" in both Sumathi Tele Awards and Raigam Tele Awards.
Mexico has been participating at the Deaflympics since making its debut way back in 1965.
This is a list of Insektors episodes.
It was created on 27 May 1967 from parts of the Northern Region and existed until 3 February 1976, when it was divided into two states - Niger and Sokoto.
The changes were significant enough to be designated the Me 410.
Aim at producing various kind of musical performance by the British, later it focus on comic opera and made itself a quasi-theatrical group.
Von Franco (born May 29, 1952) is a self-taught American artist associated with the Lowbrow art movement and Kustom Kulture.
Membership organizations have diverse needs and structures, and this is reflected in the additional features membership software sometimes includes: Organizing and selling tickets to events or series' of events.
The performers of this song included: Beniamino Gigli, Luciano Tajoli, Richard Tucker, Claudio Villa, Robertino Loreti, Violetta Villas, Muslim Mogomayev, Luciano Pavarotti, Toto Cutugno, Andrea Bocelli, Sergio Franchi, Romina Arena, Jon Christos and Mario Frangoulis.
PlayNET licensed their software to a new service, Quantum Link (Q-Link), who went online in November 1985.
In the summer of 2016, the SOJHL was merged into the Provincial Junior Hockey League.
She was nominated for several national awards for her work both in front of and behind the camera.
On April 10, 2012, BBC Radio 1 DJ Huw Stephens selected the band's third single, "Mind Control", as his Hottest Record in the World.
The story's social relevance in the form of a costume action adventure involved a queen who becomes a pirate when she faces extreme "patriarchal laws" and is denied custody of her son.
The community of Salmon Valley is located in its basin.
Maheshwar Pandey was its founder president.
Yerba Buena was the name of the town in the Mexican territory of Alta California that became the city of San Francisco, California, after it was claimed by the United States in 1846.
These are considered a clan symbol, marking the territory of its members.
It was released to rock radio in the United States on April 23, 2007 as the second US rock single and third overall single from the album.
This can result in all kinds of damage to the furniture, especially if it has boards which are held in place and cannot move freely (e.g., because they interlock with each other), in which case the boards may degrade, either through compression or by splitting apart.
It is possible to train especially the irregular verbs or simply look up a forgotten verb form.
He is remembered for his monumental orchestral works, having been the first Azerbaijani to compose a symphony (1936).
Released through Warner Music on 16 May 2005, it is the second single to be taken from their album Waiting for the Sirens' Call.
He won First Prize in the International Violin Competition "Premio Paganini" (Genoa 2001).
Hallam Football Club is an English football club based in Crosspool, Sheffield, South Yorkshire.
Biman Bagchi (born 1954) is an Indian biophysical chemist, theoretical chemist and an Amrut Mody Professor at the Solid State and Structural Chemistry Unit of the Indian Institute of Science.
The field was named by former Brisbane Lord Mayor Sallyanne Atkinson in the late 1980s, to honor Mr Speare's contributions to football and the local community.
Terbufos is a chemical compound used in insecticides and nematicides.
The terms of Senators and Deputies (elected in 1933) then in office were prorogued to 5 August 1936, by Act of National Congress on 4 August 1935.
It is a teaching-cum-affiliating university which affiliates 75 college and has 7 departments and 1 constituent college.
Love & Peace is the third Japanese studio album (seventh overall) by Girls' Generation, a South Korean girl group.
It was the home ground to one of Zimbabwe's provincial cricket sides, Southern Rocks, until the team's disbandment after the 2013-14 season.
Jelim Lake is a lake of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It was created in 1959 with the construction of Priest Rapids Dam.
The shotgun is found in several variants, depending on barrel length, barrel type, and factory-installed camouflage exterior.
The estate covers an area of approximately 40 hectares and is bound by the Molonglo River to the north, the Queanbeyan River to the east, 'The Oaks' to the west, and the Queanbeyan-Cooma railway to the south.
During the term, the National Country Party split in two over the issue of coalition with the Liberal Party, with supporters of the Coalition remaining in the National Country Party (NCP), and opponents creating a new National Party (NP).
The channel can be streamed free of charge in Canada via the Yes TV tvOS app on the Apple TV.
It was also her last album to chart in Canada's RPM magazine when it peaked at number 97 there in August of that year.
Mount Avens is a summit in Alberta, Canada.
Another innovation on Etruria was that she was equipped with refrigeration machinery, but it was the single screw propulsion that would bring the most publicity later in her career.
He notably held the honorary posts of Keeper of the Privy Seal and Lord Warden of the Stannaries and was made a Knight of the Garter in 1962.
Within the program's narrative, the Doctor is a time traveling, humanoid alien from a race known as the Time Lords.
He died in Paris in 1906.
The responsibilities of the officeholder related to the various docks and ferries that serve the City of New York.
Internally they had Dash 2 solid state electrical equipment.
The Gronchi Rosa is a rare Italian postage stamp design error.
It is a tabloid style daily published first on 9 May 2004.
The 1965-66 NBA season was the Knicks' 20th season in the NBA.
Stanley, who Footscray secured from Coburg, appeared in three of the last four rounds of the 1991 AFL season.
Nurse Edith Cavell is a 1939 American film directed by British director Herbert Wilcox about Edith Cavell.
New Hampshire has offered diploma privilege to students that attend the state's only law school since 2005 and the state of Iowa considered reinstating diploma privilege in 2014.
W23EB-D, channel 23, is a low-power television station in Wexford County, Michigan.
Family Business is a compilation album by southern rappers E.S.G., Carmen Sandiego & Brandon Stacks, released in 2005.
The closest National League race before that was in 1931 with Chick Hafey edging out Bill Terry by .00028.
The album peaked #64 on the Billboard 200.
They belong to the family Nothofagaceae, which are commonly known as the Southern beeches.
Mediclinic International plc, founded in 1983, is an international private hospital group with operations in South Africa, Namibia, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates.
Prior to 2013, she was the President's Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Redeemer is a special, 4-issue comic mini-series published by Warhammer Monthly, Games Workshop's monthly comic collection.
Than Night is the tenth novel by American crime author Michael Connelly; it is the seventh featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus "Harry" Bosch, and the second featuring FBI profiler Terry McCaleb, with reporter Jack McEvoy (The Poet) also making an appearance in a supporting role.
It is serologically, distantly related to Tomato black ring virus and very distantly related to Hungarian Chrome Mosaic virus.
Queho (born around 1880; his name was also spelled Quehoe on his grave or Quejo in other sources) was a Native American outlaw and renegade whose exploits became part of Nevada legend.
The list of ship launches in 2000 includes a chronological list of all ships launched in 2000.
It is a limited release available on vinyl.
The form became debased when the term burletta began to be used for English comic or ballad operas, as a way of evading the monopoly on "legitimate drama" in London belonging to Covent Garden and Drury Lane.
Delaplain is an unincorporated community located in Scott County, Kentucky, United States.
Canchungo is a town located in the western Cacheu Region of Guinea-Bissau formerly known as Vila Teixeira Pinto after Major Teixeira Pinto, the colonial officer that pacified the area.
The SSFDP is led by Anthony Ongwaja, who claims to have defected from the SPLA with the rank of Major General with the aim of establishing federal democracy in South Sudan.
The most recent iteration was held by the University of Toronto in January 2018.
She was founding editor of Transition, a magazine for the Saskatchewan branch of the Canadian Mental Health Association.
The album's cover, with whimsical depictions of the band members photos on paper currency, refers to contemporary slang equating "bread" to money.
If there is no antibody against the studied protein, adding a myc-tag allows one to follow the protein with an antibody against the Myc epitope.
While the drivers license is similar to the photo identity card, the photo identity card is treated separately here.
She teaches and publishes on Austrian, German and German-Jewish literature and culture, and Holocaust Studies.
In 1856 he joined John Edward Gray on a two-month cruise to Spain and Algeria.
He is the first Nile drummer to perform every song on more than one full-length album (handling drum duties so far on all albums from Annihilation of the Wicked through What Should Not Be Unearthed).
Cacuso is a town and municipality in Malanje Province in Angola.
Cycnoderus expeditus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It is one of the largest fleets of one-design oceangoing yachts in Australia.
The Colonial States Athletic Conference (CSAC) is an NCAA Division III collegiate athletic conference in the Mid-Atlantic United States.
Muhammad Abdur Razzaque is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former Minister of Food and Disaster Management.
The NorthSide Corridor is a proposed light rail route for the St. Louis Metrolink light rail system in St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
The protest's central human float action was a peaceful and nonviolent protest with no arrests.
Wikis work well for group collaboration and they appear to be one of the major innovations in group collaboration.
Fairview is a city located in Williamson County, Tennessee.
In this match, he scored 2 runs before being dismissed by Hugh Wilson.
The cafe hosted a number of activities, including the annual Oregon Medical Cannabis Awards, which began in 2002.
It is based on the 1925 novel Treve by Albert Payson Terhune.
1912 Anubis, also designated 6534 P-L, is a stony Koronian asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt, approximately 10 kilometers in diameter.
Football at the 1928 Summer Olympics tournament, won by Uruguay against Argentina, would be the precursor to the first FIFA World Cup held in 1930 in Uruguay.
Worthen started coaching in 1985 as a player/coach of the United States Basketball League's Springfield Fame guiding them to the league title.
These songs were recorded for the Mercury Records label during the Forties and 1950.
The vocals are generally solo-voice, some male and some female.
In Geertz's original usage, the concept of the theater state contests the notion that precolonial society can be analyzed in the conventional discourse of Oriental despotism.
Hordes of the Things is a 1980 BBC radio comedy series parodying J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and to a greater extent the fantasy genre in general, in a style similar to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Not to be confused with ATG Dynamo, a J2EE application server Dynamo is the name given to a set of techniques that when taken together can form a highly available key-value structured storage system or a distributed data store.
Five alumni were part of Project Gemini, six part of the Apollo program, two have walked on the Moon, and twelve were part of the Space Shuttle program.
It was created in 1945 for the Conservative politician Sir Douglas Hacking, 1st Baronet.
Kidz in the Hall is an American hip hop duo from Chicago, Illinois.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Trimble County, Kentucky.
Congress was broadly divided between a Pro-Administration faction supporting the policies of George Washington's administration and an Anti-Administration faction opposed to those policies.
Great Northern? is the twelfth and final completed book of Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books.
He is one quarter Filipino due to his grandmother who comes from Samar, Philippines.
In Anglophone jurisdictions, the verdict may be guilty or not guilty (not proven; a verdict of acquittal, based on the state's failure to prove guilt rather than any proof of innocence, is also available in Scotland).
Thyrgis ruscia is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.
It was limited to a period of two months following the adoption of the present resolution, and would be financed by the Member States participating themselves.
The Group was disbanded on 4 June 2012 and its subordinate units passed to other commands in 1st Marine Aircraft Wing.
Planostocha undulans is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
In the United States, all five seasons have been released on DVD and released on Blu-ray internationally.
The Ibex Reserve Protected Area is located in Hotat Bani Tamim town south Riyadh at small village called Al-Helwah.
Silje Marie Aker Johnsen is a Norwegian soprano and dancer.
It was released on 9 July 2001 on Source Records in the UK and on 18 September 2001 on Astralwerks (with two bonus tracks) in the US.
Corixa panzeri is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.
Adesmus meinerti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Ethan Cooper (born June 11, 1995) is an American football guard for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).
The organization has approximately 25,000 paying members and claims a "connection and outreach" to an estimated 200,000 dancers.
Until 1960 he worked as a visiting researcher at the University of California, Berkeley and the California Institute of Technology, at which point he became a researcher at the Glasgow Institute of Virology.
She returned to Western Australian state politics at the 2017 state election as a Legislative Council member for the North Metropolitan region.
The UCC was developed by United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as an alternative to the Berne Convention for those states which disagreed with aspects of the Berne Convention, but still wished to participate in some form of multilateral copyright protection.
The result was a victory for the Czech Social Democratic Party, which won 74 of the 200 seats.
It also was used as an element in decorative elements created with opus sectile technique (with examples known from Ostia Antica and Nemi) during Roman times, as well as in several churches in Rome (e.g. Santa Prassede) and in the pavement of St. Peter's Square.
That season, he took over as the club's starting catcher, batting .252 in 128 games while leading all American League catchers with a .997 fielding percentage.
The brigade conducts missions of mobility, counter-mobility, survivability, and civil engineering support.
Sampha's debut album, Process, was released on 3 February 2017, through Young Turks and won the 2017 Mercury Prize.
For example, in Tarock games, tarocks and pip cards score 1/3 of a point and are called Glatzen or Glatz'n, Skartindeln, Skatindeln or Skartins; and suit cards other than court cards are also called Ladons, Latons or Ladonis.
In most Nephelomys species, the posterolateral palatal pits, perforations of the palate near the third molar, are conspicuous and receded into a fossa, but in N. caracolus and the Ecuadorian species N. nimbosus, the pits are much smaller.
Saperstein is a surname.
HyppSports is an in-house IPTV network in Malaysia dedicated to broadcasting sports-related content 24 hours a day.
It won the Costa Book Award for a first novel, and the Ondaatje Prize.
He was a member of the Democratic Party and was the last Democrat elected as mayor until 1952.
Deendayal Upadhyaya Trust is a charitable trust in Rajasthan noted for its involvement in a large land scam.
As of the 2010 census, the population of Doney Park was 5,395.
Meister Verbrauchermarkt GmbH was a supermarket chain in Bavaria which was founded in 1959 by Ludwig A. Meister in Erbendorf.
The company is part of the Saga Group and currently has over 220,000 policyholders across the UK.
The 11-floor concrete courthouse building is considered art deco / art moderne and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Agriculture is the largest sector of the economy of the Caribbean and it affects every nation and territory within the region.
Leigh Meades has decided to stand down as Captain after many successful years handing the captaincy to seasoned prop Rhys Morgan.
El-Kaleh was also a computer engineering graduate and a guitar musician.
It was thought to be a key indicator to the outcome of the following general election anticipated to take place in 1914-15.
These groups argued that these changes effectively neutralized the United States Clean Air Act.
The school was named after Kathlyn Joy Gilliam, the first African-American woman who served on the Dallas ISD school board and the first African-American to serve as the president of the Dallas ISD board.
The instrument was designed to rip the breasts from a woman and was made from iron, which was usually heated.
Genetski is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
He is a 4th degree blackbelt in Judo, while also having 60 years in Luta Livre.
It is considered extremely difficult to define the number and exact borders of Ottoman provinces and domains, as their borders were changed constantly.
The Ghosts of Evolution (2000), to refer to attributes of living species that are best explained as a result of having been favorably selected in the past due to coevolution with other biological species that have since become extinct.
The album reached #140 in the UK album chart.
Antalarmin is a non-peptide drug that blocks the CRF-1 receptor, and, as a consequence, reduces the release of ACTH in response to chronic stress.
The last standing markers were noted in 1940.
Through its subsidiaries, China Resources Land is engaged in property development, investment and management, and construction and decoration services.
In California, for example, many home mortgage loans are indexed to the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco.
The American Statistician is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering statistics published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the American Statistical Association.
A new edition updated by Adam Roberts was published by Gollancz in August 2003; it constituted both the first British edition and first hardcover edition.
This is the church where the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem celebrates Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve.
The least shrew tenrec (Microgale pusilla) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae.
On November 23, 2015 the album was released in European countries with two additional tracks.
It is usually illegal, but in the National Football League it is legal to clip above the knee in close-line play.
The Calanque de Sugiton is one of the numerous Calanques located between Marseille and Cassis, France.
In the reign of James III it seems to have been largely abandoned, even in the minority period of 1466 to 1470 although this may be partly a side effect of its records being separated from the main register of parliament, and subsequently lost.
As a follower of Gokhale, he believed that developing nationalism required British cooperation and therefore the national movement should be constitutional and nonviolent.
Helgeland Township is a township in Polk County, Minnesota, United States.
Additionally, many philanthropists also help and support these institutions.
This refers to the ability to be aware of one's past or future.
Sir Robert Bruce, Lord of Liddesdale (died 11 August 1332) was an illegitimate son of King Robert the Bruce and an unknown mother.
Mounted on top of the receiver is a standard Weaver-type rail, for mounting scopes.
In computer science, a lock or mutex (from mutual exclusion) is a synchronization mechanism for enforcing limits on access to a resource in an environment where there are many threads of execution.
The mandal is bordered by Gudlavalleru mandal to the north, Pedana mandal to the east, Machilipatnam mandal to the south and Ghantasala mandal and Movva mandal to the west.
His other publications include Extraordinary Canadians: Lester B. Pearson, and Lost Beneath the Ice: The Story of HMS Investigator.
Cavanaugh grew up in Edgewood, Kentucky, United States.
Jenny comes from a large family, who love her unconditionally.
By 1848, blackface minstrel shows were the national artform, translating formal art such as opera into popular terms for a general audience.
Jin-Soo Kwon is featured in the episode's flashbacks.
At Dumfries Road, the Prince William Parkway assumes the SR 234 designation until ending at I-66 near Gainesville.
It uses a rulebook developed by the Penn Jersey She Devils, which can be used for men's, women's, mixed or alternating groups of skaters, and for play on flat- or banked-tracks.
Cullen Township was erected in 1833, taking its name from the local Cullen family.
The village occupies about 160 acres, with half kept as open land.
Sipawa is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.
She received her Ph.D. from the University of Illinois-Urbana and later on traveled to Africa and South America to study primates.
Allu Arjun, Sheela and Prakash Raj played the lead roles while Poonam Bajwa and Jayasudha made crucial cameo appearances.
Roderick "Rod" Robinson (born May 17, 1976) is a former American football quarterback who played two seasons for the Las Vegas Gladiators of the Arena Football League, as well as a season in NFL Europe for the Barcelona Dragons and a season in the af2 for the Memphis Xplorers.
These frogs are also founded in the pet trade.
His filmography includes CRD, Gandhi of the Month, Mahek and Chaitra.
A cohort of individuals that share a common exposure factor is compared to another group of equivalent individuals not exposed to that factor, to determine the factor's influence on the incidence of a condition such as disease or death.
Andreas Morczinietz (born March 11, 1978) is a German professional ice hockey player.
Zeme Naga is a group of Naga people from northeastern parts of India.
He played domestic First Class cricket in Pakistan in 2010/2011.
It is classified as a second grade municipality.
Becharam Manna is an Indian politician representing Trinamool Congress.
Born in Gowran, County Kilkenny, Carey first played competitive hurling whilst at school in St. Kieran's College.
Ten singles from 1966 remained in the top 10 for several weeks at the beginning of the year, while "All My Love" by Cliff Richard, "Daydream Believer" by The Monkees, "Magical Mystery Tour (EP)" by The Beatles and "Thank U Very Much" by The Scaffold were all released in 1967 but did not reach their peak until 1968.
Temple Run 2 is an endless running video game developed and published by Imangi Studios.
The Rise and Fall of a Rainforest Civilization (2004), an archeological book written about the ancient Maya civilization.
Benjamin T. Hudson is an American medievalist based at Pennsylvania State University in State College, Pennsylvania.
It was published in the September, 1961 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.
Madygen Formation is a Triassic-age geologic formation in Kyrgyzstan.
Greg Zuerlein (born December 27, 1987) is an American football placekicker for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL).
Evergreen was a former census-designated place.
Three hundred and eighty cars of three different types were built, with a fourth type created later by conversion.
Reza Fandi (born on October 15, 1987 in Sigli) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Aceh United.
The school was established in 1966 as Stanground Secondary Modern School, becoming comprehensive when education in the county was reorganized in 1976.
The film is the product of the Texas filmmaking team, Mark Dennis and Ben Foster.
But just north of it, gleaming office towers and hotels rose, and in 1976 the new Georgia World Congress Center signaled Atlanta's rise as a major convention city.
Bulbophyllum gilgianum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
The laws which govern projectile designs are not well-defined.
Trokut is located in the middle of the intersection.
In 2015, Harris finished the season winning Super Bowl 50 with the Broncos over the Carolina Panthers, a season during which he was again selected as an All-Pro and chosen for the Pro Bowl.
Bismuthia is a rare dermatological condition that results from the prolonged use of bismuth.
Since 2012, he has served as Assistant Presidential Envoy to the Volga Federal District.
He made his WRC debut during the 2011 season at the Rally d'Italia Sardegna.
The station is currently owned by Gospel Train Ministry.
The 240th episode of the series overall, it premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 9, 2013.
This was the first non-trivial symmetric rendezvous search problem to be fully solved.
Transcription of the GcvB RNA is activated by the adjacent GcvA gene and repressed by the GcvR gene.
The striolated manakin was formerly considered conspecific with the kinglet manakin (Machaeropterus regulus) with the common name "striped manakin".
The Morning Call is a daily newspaper based in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The language has over 80% lexical similarity to Mursi.
The students first used the system in 1966.
Auger-Saint-Vincent is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Bay County, Florida, United States.
Peter Morris (born June 29, 1955) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the World Hockey Association (WHA).
For instance, the fire and gas safety system on an offshore platform in the North Sea typically has detectors set to a full-scale reading of 5LFLm, with low and high alarms triggered at 1LFLm and 3LFLm respectively.
Dancin' Days is a Portuguese soap opera (telenovela) which began airing on SIC in June 2012.
Aberdeen competed in the Scottish League Division One, Scottish League Cup, Scottish Cup and the Fairs Cup.
Stockport North was a borough constituency which returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1950 until 1983.
The 133rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Southeastern Pennsylvania and has been represented since a special election in 2018 by Jeanne McNeill.
Yare near Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, England that was built by the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway (M&GN).
Descendants of the family still exist, and are involved in the production of Aspall Cider.
The project was canceled in the 2013 French White Paper on Defense and National Security.
The API gateway collects invocation metrics which are available for analysis in the developer portal and API Manager user interfaces.
The airport stretches over a land area of about 1,800 hectares but only 40% of the land is at use for now.
She is the sister of country singer-songwriter Hugh Moffatt.
Cable is an unincorporated community in Haven Township, Sherburne County, Minnesota, United States.
It includes the reconstructed blast furnace, forge, rolling mill, shear, slitter and a quarter-ton drop hammer.
Its membership includes over 200 artists and arts organizations, and individual and corporate supporters of the arts.
1957 Virginia 500 was a NASCAR Grand National Series (now Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series) event that was held on May 19, 1957, at Martinsville Speedway in Martinsville, Virginia.
Harris played for Hibs in the 1985 Scottish League Cup Final, but he was not a successful signing for John Blackley.
The test was performed using the studio facilities of Cleveland's WLKN (98.1), along with their antenna and transmitter just west of Newton.
Temptation is the fourth studio album by American country singer-songwriter Shelby Lynne, released July 6, 1993.
Christina Katrakis (December 16, 1980) is an American curator, writer, sculptor, painter, narrator of Ukrainian origin, and founder of International Academy of Arts in 2005 which is now based in Munich, Germany.
Basic ATMP FLPT (Fork Lift Pallet Trailer) to lift, handle and carry pallets up to 1.6 tons.
In 1978, the complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
John Smith House is the former Labor Party headquarters at 144-152 Walworth Road in south London.
The beer was originally produced at the Leeds Brewery, which was later renamed the Leeds Tetley Brewery to avoid confusion with a microbrewery of the same name.
Brian Francis Paynter (born 2 May 1965) is an Australian politician.
Tero Taipale (born 14 December 1972) is a Finnish football player currently playing for KuPS.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture, judiciary, and district courts serve as the building's primary tenants.
A unique characteristic of the BRC as compared to other academic research institutes is the shared research space by faculty from Rice University and groups from neighboring Texas Medical Center institutions.
He was placed on the Texans' 2014 practice squad.
The population was 75 at the 2010 census, down from 93 at the 2000 census.
It was one of the earliest settlements in the upper Green River valley.
If a complaint does not allege facts sufficient to support every element of a claim, the court, upon motion by the opposing party, may dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim for which relief can be granted.
Tegosa is a Neotropical genus of butterflies from Mexico to South America in the family Nymphalidae.
Hospodar or gospodar is a term of Slavonic origin, meaning "lord" or "master".
She retired from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in 1994, after a 31 year career there.
Ulster nationalism is a school of thought in Northern Ireland politics that seeks the independence of Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom without joining the Republic of Ireland, thereby becoming an independent sovereign state separate from both.
The Senate election used a plurality-at-large voting system where the voter votes for 12 candidates, with each candidate getting one vote, and from which the twelve candidates with the highest number of votes are elected to serve for six years.
The University, has begun the process of renovating, enlarging Hulman Center; the city and Vigo County could not come to terms, as such, the renovation will limit the flexibility of the space for city and County events.
Many Amiga software products or noteworthy programs during the timeline were ported to other platforms or inspired new programs, such as those aimed at 3D rendering or audio creations, e.g. LightWave 3D, Cinema 4D, and Blender (whose development started for the Amiga platform only).
It was succeeded by Google Code-in.
He also holds the position of being the first guitarist to play live with the band, appearing in White Zombie's debut show at CBGB's in New York City on April 28, 1986.
Chris is a short form of various names including Christopher, Christian, Christina, Christine, and Christos. Kip (nickname) is commonly known to be used as a nickname for Chris or Christopher.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 4,063 and it contained 1,706 housing units.
At the school there a number of physical education facilities including a pool, sports hall, dance studio and a fulsize astro pitch.
Schloss Aigen is a castle located in Aigen, a quarter of Salzburg, Salzburgerland, Austria.
Founded in 1876 as a school for higher girls education, it is being used for both boys and girls since 1972.
I am confident Judge Pearce is the right choice."Prior to being confirmed to the Utah Supreme Court, Pearce served on the Utah Court of Appeals.
The Johor Bahru Chinese Heritage Museum (Malay: Muzium Warisan Tionghua Johor Bahru) is a museum in Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.
Instead of using his position as president to bridge compromise, Taft alienated the progressive wing of the party, which had championed his predecessor, Theodore Roosevelt.
Anxiety (Portuguese: Inquietude) is a 1998 Portuguese drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
R.P. Educational Trust has been established by Sh.
Bridget McManus from The Sydney Morning Herald has praised Richardson in the role, but thought he was "underutilized", while other critics have expressed their sympathy for Gary.
Her specialization is the study of sleep habits and the effects of sleep deprivation in human beings.
Uncut magazine ranked the album 21st best of the year.
Individually, she won bronze in the floor exercise.
The Central Student Association (also known as the CSA) is the student union for all undergraduate students at the University of Guelph.
If an event had four entrants, only the gold and silver medals were award; if an event had only two or three entrants, only the gold medal.
The capital lies at Kumkurgan.
In the United States, a designated survivor (or designated successor) is an individual in the presidential line of succession, usually a member of the United States Cabinet, who is arranged to be at a physically distant, secure, and undisclosed location when the President, the Vice President, and the other officials in the line of succession are gathered at a single location, such as during State of the Union addresses and presidential inaugurations.
Michael Glenn Thorne (born September 25, 1940) is an American politician who was a member of the Oregon State Senate.
Cox is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
1 is a 1954 release by jazz artist Art Blakey, and a quintet which featured Clifford Brown, Lou Donaldson, Horace Silver and Curly Russell.
The council is currently controlled by the Conservative group, who hold 31 of the 46 council seats.
Additive can be as simple as adding clay to create a form, sculpting and smoothing to the final shape.
Balahesar is a village in Samangan Province, in northern Afghanistan.
Peace obviated Jefferson's planned return to commission in the spring.
Corby Davidson, (born Corbett Davidson on September 15, 1969) is an American radio personality.
It was a 2001 Nebula Award nominee.
The release of The Dean Martin TV Show and The Dean Martin Christmas Album in late 1966 was accompanied by what Billboard magazine described as a "merchandising avalanche" by Reprise Records and their parent company Warner Music.
The modulation produces a flickering effect from frame-to-frame in the video imagery.
Balloon Cup is a two player card game designed by Stephen Glenn published by Kosmos in 2003.
His short film A Dublin Story was shortlisted for Academy Award Nomination in 2004 having picked up several film festival awards.
As of the 2010 census, the township population was 3,100.
The Ranger V-770 was an American air-cooled inverted V-12 aero-engine developed by the Ranger Aircraft Engine Division of the Fairchild Engine & Aircraft Corporation in the early 1930s.
The following year she topped the field at the Crescent City Classic and was runner-up at the Cherry Blossom Ten Mile Run, BAA 5K and Peachtree Road Race.
Justyn Pogue is an artist and musician born in Olympia, Washington.
Louisiana Diary is a documentary film produced and directed by KQED (TV)'s Richard O. Moore for National Educational Television in 1963.
The Ambassador from New Zealand to South Korea is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Korea, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in South Korea.
A post office called Firma was established in 1901, and remained in operation until 1924.
On Google Play, there were both the free demo and the full translation-enabled versions of the application.
The main venue is the Ruhrfestspielhaus, which has won awards for its architecture.
Savage made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Wiltshire in 1986 against Dorset.
Globe Trotters debuted at the Columbia Theater in New York City, in September 1914.
She has three children and established Penarth Soul Club in 2014 with her partner Liam Curtin.
The film was released in August 2015 and features exclusively practical creature effects.
The Wilbur D. May Center is an attraction located in Rancho San Rafael Regional Park at 1595 North Sierra, Reno, Nevada.
Among the indicted were the reputed acting bosses Jackie D'Amico, Nicholas Corozzo and Consigliere Joseph Corozzo of the Gambino crime family.
It is unrelated to the later Duke that was published between 1967 and 1978, and primarily featured Caucasian models.
The National Human Rights Society (Malay: Persatuan Kebangsaan Hak Asasi Manusia), better known locally as HAKAM, is a human rights non-governmental organization (NGO) that works on human rights issues in Malaysia.
Nordre Land Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Dokka, Nordre Land, Oppland.
In 2008 he examined greyhounds, thoroughbred horses and human athletes trying to find their maximum running speed.
Garth railway station is a request station on the Heart of Wales Line.
Interstate 80 now occupies a short portion of the right-of-way.
It slowly expanded from its founding in 1902 and was first called Goodwill in 1915.
Serendipitous discovery of one parasitized host fruitbody (Galerina) that formed its own pileus that then bore three Squamanita contortipes fruitbodies revealed the parasitic nature of the relationship for that species and the entire genus.
The 28th Mechanized Corps (Military Unit Number 7406) was a mechanized corps of the Red Army.
Kevin Cullen (born May 1, 1959) is an American journalist and author.
The film is also produced by Nowlin, alongside Ridley Scott, Wes Ball, Courtney Solomon and Mark Canton.
A tuberous-rooted, herbaceous perennial reaching 1.0 meter tall by 0.5 meters wide and tolerant of many soil types, Aconitum ferox forms the principal source of the Indian poison known variously as bikh, bish, and nabee.
The Times is an American daily newspaper serving Little Falls, New York.
The Tigers compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Toumi is a Tunisian entrepreneur, who has worked on reversing desertification in her home country.
He is an NCAA tennis player for the University of Virginia Cavaliers.
The makers of this film were asked to change a reference to Egypt (Misr in Urdu language) because it might prove detrimental to diplomatic relations with that country.
He presided over the establishment of Universal Secondary Education and cut a figure of principle and was sometimes construed as obdurate.
Ranchuli is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal.
Within which contained 11 tracks in the later part of 2006.
Licensed to Oneida, New York, United States, the station serves central New York with an emphasis on Madison and Oneida counties.
The parish church is within the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Anglican Diocese of Edmonton, Anglican Church of Canada.
Lacheta is a Polish luger who competed in the late 1950s.
The story of the film is partially inspired from the 1978 American film, Ice Castles and the 1999 Tamil film, Thulladha Manamum Thullum.
It operates seven-day-a-week charter and air ambulance (medevac) services that cover northern and western Canada and Alaska.
A third collection, Wounded Warriors, was published in October 2008 and received the Military Writers Society of America Founder's Award and the American Author's Association Golden Quill Award.
Because of this phenomenon, astatic needles were often used in galvanometers.
The timber trackway was constructed of long ash planks, with lime and hazel posts spaced along three-meter intervals.
Having won the 1999 Premiership, the Melbourne Storm traveled to England to contest the 2000 World Club Challenge against Super League Champions St Helens R.F.C., with Morgan playing from the interchange bench and scoring a try in the victory.
The nearest tube stations are at East Finchley and Highgate.
The shell was used as a space for education workshops and rehearsals until enough money was raised to complete the playhouse.
Margaret M. Sullivan is an American journalist who is the media columnist for The Washington Post.
The following is a list of notable events and releases of the year 1889 in Norwegian music.
He was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL) as an undrafted free agent in 2006.
Digimortal is the fourth studio album by American industrial metal band Fear Factory, released on April 24, 2001 by Roadrunner Records.
The rock opera was therein presented to over 800,000 spectators at the Tokyo harbor.
American Revolutionary War veteran Daniel Shays led four thousand rebels (called Shaysites) in a protest against perceived economic and civil rights injustices.
Boxing Fever is a first person boxing game, portrayed from the perspective of the player's fighter.
Buena Suerte (officially the Barangay Buena Suerte), or more known as Zone II, is one of the eighteen barangays comprising the Municipality of El Nido in the province of Palawan in the Philippines.
Trevardo V. Williams (born December 31, 1990) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent.
REEM-B can recognize, grasp and lift objects and walk by itself, avoiding obstacles through simultaneous localization and mapping.
It was developed at the University of Amsterdam as an alternative to an evolutionary approach and is now accepted as the European standard for knowledge based systems.
The Ultra 1 Creator3D 170E launched in November 1995 with a list price of US$27,995.Model numbers with an E suffix (Sun service code A12, internal codename Electron) had two instead of three SBus slots, and added a UPA slot to allow the use of an optional Creator framebuffer.
The 6th Maccabiah Games were held in Tel Aviv, Israel in 1961.
She is notable for being the last classic Victorian gunboat, and the last British warship to retain a practical sailing rig.
Taringa railway station is located on the Main line in Queensland, Australia.
Faille (born 1958) is an American author and journalist.
A reference dimension is a dimension on an engineering drawing provided for information only.
Currently, The Football Association administers the top seven levels of the English non-League football system.
Signage is confusing as two separate routes are signed.
He was a member of Shiv Sena and opposition leader of Vidhan Sabha until July 2005, before he joined Indian National Congress party.
Health in Norway, with its early history of poverty and infectious diseases along with famines and epidemics, was for most of the population not good at least into the 1800s.
The Quanah Parker Star House, with stars painted on its roof, is located in the city of Cache, county of Comanche, in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Falkenborg Spent most of 1997 with the Single-A Delmarva Shorebirds, 1998 with the High-A Frederick Keys and 1999 with the Double-A Bowie Baysox.
Serendipity is a series of children's books about animals and other creatures.
Kant (Shahjahanpur) is a town and a nagar panchayat of Shahjahanpur district in the Indian state of Harit Pradesh.
Grazia is married with Barbara Degani, President of the Province of Padua for The People of Freedom.
Ad Gentes also calls for the formation of strong Christian communities as well as strong relations with other Christians.
Myrmecridium is a genus of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes.
Adventures of the Barber of Seville (Spanish: Aventuras del barbero de Sevilla) is a 1954 Spanish comedy film directed by Ladislao Vajda.
It is part of Wears Valley Ranch, a Christian children's home for youth from crisis family situations.
Its chairman was Professor David Rhind who succeeded the first chairman, Sir John Kingman, in May 2003.
Jordan is an unincorporated community in Bastrop County, Texas, United States.
Historically, the town of Oude Molen was almost solely owned by the Linthorst Homan family, who have always held close ties with the towns population.
The Office of the Secretary of the Defense Medal for Valor is the highest civilian award for valor presented by the Department of Defense.
St Andrew's Church is a Church of England parish church in the Essex village of Marks Tey.
The Old Three Hundred were the 297 grantees, made up of families and some partnerships of unmarried men, who purchased 307 parcels of land from Stephen Fuller Austin and established a colony that encompassed an area that ran from the Gulf of Mexico on the south, to near present-day Jones Creek, Brazoria county Texas, Brenham in Washington County, Texas, Navasota in Grimes County, and La Grange in Fayette County.
Belladonna also introduces into the duology Michael, a wandering musician who seeks the answer to the riddle that has been haunting his dreams, and whose arrival into the lives of all the original characters has catastrophic and far-reaching consequences for everyone.
The bank is involved in consumer banking as well as in development banking.
Rose hip seed oil is a pressed seed oil, extracted from the seeds of the wild rose bush (Rosa moschata or Rosa rubiginosa) in the southern Andes.
The state park's main area is on the west bank of the river; the park also manages land on the river islands and east bank.
The movie is a remake of the 1987 Malayalam movie Irupatham Noottandu, which was also remade in Kannada as Jackey (1989), starring Ambareesh.
Fatman the Human Flying Saucer is a fictional character, a comic book superhero created by artist C. C. Beck and writer Otto Binder in the 1960s.
Its code is KKU.
He attended Virginia Tech where he earned B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in engineering.
Baljinder Kaur is an Indian actress who has appeared in Haryanvi, Hindi and Tamil films.
Since then, a modified Hoehn and Yahr scale was proposed with the addition of stages 1.5 and 2.5 to help describe the intermediate course of the disease.
Tea and tobacco turn yellow-green.
It was described by John Gould in 1877, with the type locality recorded as the Lawas River in northern Sarawak.
The persons (or entire families) subject to it are shunned by their local community.
The film was not released in cinemas but available to view for free on YouTube.
Also known as Rock Chapel Falls.
W. G. Barlow was a Royal Flying Corps pilot during the First World War, a racing driver in the 1920s, and a fascist before and after the Second World War.
It was originally released as freeware by John Norstad in the spring of 1989.
It quickly bends south-south-east, and crosses the N7 to reaches its southern terminus at Porterville at the R44.
In operation since 2 January 2007, MECC has hosted many trade related events.
Cefprozil, sometimes spelled cefproxil and marketed under the trade name Cefzil, Cefproz.
Sixteen species are endemic. Non-native species are common; 47 listed here were introduced by humans.
Glenwood Springs High School is a high school in Glenwood Springs, Colorado, United States.
Erik Alexander Jazet (born 19 July 1971 in Schiedam) is a former Dutch field hockey player, who played 308 international matches for the Netherlands.
Air Bahia was a United States commuter airline that operated from 1979 to 1980.
Originally called the "Maersk Boston", her name was changed in September 2010, to reflect her charter to MSC.
In 2015, instead of running again for the Sejm, Nowicka planned to run for President.
It began as the BBC Radio 4 show Delve Special, which became this six-part Channel 4 series in 1988.
The history of Virginia through the colonial period on into contemporary times has been depicted and commemorated on postage stamps accounting for many important personalities, places and events involving the nation's history.
Jeeyar was invited by the Government of Andhra Pradesh to assist in organizing the Godavari Maha Pushkaram (river festivals) in July 2015.Jeeyar makes people have hope whenever he visits other places.
Holy Trinity Church was a Church of England parish church in Canning Town, east London.
Julia Anne Blum (born 1967, Beverly Hills, California) is an American Orthodox Jewish singer, songwriter, actress, and speaker.
Charlie Looker is a New York City based musician, who has many releases under different names.
Premiering nationally in November 15, 2004, it was the first American Muslim television network to broadcast in the English language.
He also wrote a book that was published in 2012.
The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps, Louisiana, two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to "come out of the coffin" and allow their presence to be known to mankind.
The subject matter of his artwork is often the landscapes of Northern California.
Whitney Young is currently listed on Ohio's Schools of Promise List, it has been on the list for 9 consecutive school years, starting in school year 2001-2002.
Harvey Kaye is former provost and CEO of Touro University, a Jewish-sponsored medical sciences university in California founded by Dr. Bernard Lander.
Since the discovery method gives only the minimum mass, its true mass is probably slightly greater.
It is southwest of the larger crater Szilard, and southeast of the twin walled plains Fabry and Harkhebi.
The station is located at Yamato Road (SR 794), just east of Congress Avenue (SR 807) and west of I-95.
Zatrephes fasciola is a moth in the family Erebidae.
In some markets, the SM5 is sold as the Renault Latitude or Renault Safrane.
The Natti Love Joys are a roots rock reggae band that have been playing live since 2003.They consist of husband and wife duo Anthony "Jatti" Allen and Sonia "Marla" Allen (formerly Sonia Abel).
This article concentrates on self-contained structures envisaged for micro-g environments.
The trimusculids are in the clade Eupulmonata, and are quite closely related to air-breathing land snails.
Wesley Irvine was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Hooge being a village a few miles East of Ypres in Belgium.
The Milwaukee Brewers' 1990 season involved the Brewers' finishing 6th in the American League East with a record of 74 wins and 88 losses.
Leue (born March 20, 1958 in Magdeburg) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Briefs have various different styles usually with a waistband attached to fabric that runs along the pelvis to the crotch and buttocks and are worn by both men and women.
Ships represented in the game are typically starships from such classic Star Trek powers as the Federation, Romulan Star Empire, Klingon Empire, or purely Star Fleet Universe creations such as the Hydran Kingdom or Interstellar Concordium.
Hellenhahn-Schellenberg is a municipality in Westerwaldkreis, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Kjell saw more than 32 years of service, the first 28 years in the Royal Norwegian Navy during the First World War and in the interwar period, the last four in the Kriegsmarine, having been captured in the first days of the 1940 Norwegian Campaign.
Peter Wiersum (born 1 November 1984 in Sutton Coldfield) is a Dutch rowing cox.
Coal Valley is a valley in the U.S. state of Nevada.
The most complete specimens have been found in Asia, representing members of the sub-group Oviraptorinae.
Feldstonia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1989.There is only one known species, Feldstonia nitens, endemic to Western Australia.
Rolling Stone included the album in their list of "The 100 Best Albums of the Eighties", coming in at No. 72.
It was created from parts of Ontario North, Ontario South and York North ridings.
The activity is often referred to as petplay.
She has toured internationally with The Weeknd and was also nominated for the Sound of 2014 award by the BBC and an MTV Brand New Nominee in 2014.
He has worked on platinum albums by Jerry Fish and the Mudbug Club, Damien Dempsey, Jack L and Juliet Turner.
Pedro Guilherme Abreu dos Santos, better known as Pedro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Center forward for Fluminense.
In November 2012 Hamilton reported on the missile attacks on Tel Aviv, and the 2012 Tel Aviv bus bombing.
He is best known for his collaboration with writer Jean Dufaux in the Jessica Blandy comic book.
The original program gets its name from section 421-a in the New York Real Property Tax Law.
The opportunity costs of the "second player", the second person deciding whether to share, have a bigger (negative) impact on knowledge sharing than the opportunity costs of the first person to decide.
In the third week of September Down played Cork in what was deemed a 'David vs. Goliath' contest in that Cork had played in numerous All-Ireland Finals over the previous years and many felt that it was their time to lift the Sam Maguire.
Accordingly, progressive provisioning is universal among ants, and widespread among the social bees and wasps.
Despite the broad title of the office, the ASD (ISA) does not develop policy related to Asia, the Pacific region, Latin America, or South America.
He was, along with John Wang, Tao Lin, and Karin Lewicki, an early contributor to Juked.
The 1952 French Grand Prix was a Formula Two race held on 6 July 1952 at Rouen-Les-Essarts.
By then, Morrell was no longer Arsenal manager; after having been told he was due to be sacked at the end of the 1914-15 season due to the suspension of football due to World War I, he resigned on or around 19 April 1915.
The EP was released to promote the iTunes remastering of several solo albums by each former Beatle.
The building is made of stone and has gates erected in 1629 on two sides on the west, right of the fountain.
The album was released worldwide on July 24, 2015.
Accordingly, the Airports Authority of India informed the Government of Tamil Nadu on November 2011 that they do not require the land and that it can be released.
An award is also given out to the mine with the lowest accident frequency in each of the following regions: Quebec and East Ontario Prairies and Northwest Territories British Columbia and Yukon.
R CrA is a pre-main-sequence star in the Corona Australis molecular complex, one of the closer star-forming regions of the galaxy at a distance of 130 pc.
Amalda australis, common name the southern olive, is a medium-sized sea snail, a gastropod mollusc of the family Olividae, the olives.
The novel is based on historical evidence of then Tiwa kingdom, but the protagonist is the royal lady Chandraprabha, queen of Pratapchandra.
The interior stairs have been removed.
It has been developed by the Qatar Computing Research Institute and awarded the Grand Prize for the 2015 Open Source Software World Challenge.
Hadden coached the Merchiston Castle School 1st XV after being appointed Head of Physical Education at the school in 1983.
In some churches a single artwork, such as a stained glass window has the role of Poor Man's Bible while in others, the entire church is decorated with a complex biblical narrative that unites in a single scheme.
Big Four of Maryland Thoroughbred racing were four American Thoroughbred horse trainers who dominated horse racing in the state of Maryland in the 1960 and 1970s and who helped modernize flat racing training.
Minear then joined the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, where he worked on policy, legislative, and appellate matters from 1983 to 1985.
Thrippangottur is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Mardi Gras Park is a municipal park in downtown Mobile, Alabama, USA.
Martin Teffer (born June 7, 1965 in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a retired volleyball player from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics, as well as at the 1990 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship.
The demonstration of 13 May 1954 was followed by further demonstrations and proved a key moment in galvanizing popular opposition to colonial rule.
It remained a distinctive area, with different laws, using the Cumbric language alongside Gaelic, until the 12th century.
Playing for a Minor County, Sutton played a number of games for combined Minor Counties teams.
Studies have consequently utilized the TAE to assess the degree of lateral inhibition that occurs from MDMA use.
It is found in Chile, where it is found in sandy locations with leguminous plants.
Stepping Stone Educational Center is a private school for boys and girls located in the neighborhood of D-line in Port Harcourt, Rivers State.
The arboretum's grounds also include a butterfly garden, a country garden, a daylily (Hemerocallis) collection (including 54 Stout Medal winners), the Mercy Hospice Herb Garden (featuring more than 60 herb specimens), the National Hosta Display Garden (featuring over 200 cultivars), perennials, prairie grasses, a rock garden and a wildflower garden.
Mancuso was sentenced to nine years in prison on June 27, 1995.
Many games that are not generally placed in the family of card games do in fact use cards for some aspect of their gameplay.
Title V of the New Hampshire Revised Statutes Annotated is the state of New Hampshire's laws regarding taxation of its citizens on a state level.
The book's hardcover edition was first published June 6, 2011.
Their music emphasized boogie rhythms and fast guitar leads with lyrics extolling the values, aspirations - and excesses - of Southern working-class young adults, not unlike the outlaw country movement.
The AOCR is one of two professional organizations representing American radiologists, the other organization is the American College of Radiology.
Thomas Gumpert (* 11 December 1952 in Lauchhammer, Brandenburg) is a German actor.
Depending on the rules in play, there may be different consequences for a challenge.
Pork-knockers are freelance Guyanese prospectors who mine for diamonds and gold in the alluvial plains of the Guyanese interior.
The Santa Cruz massacre (also known as the Dili massacre) was the shooting of at least 250 East Timorese pro-independence demonstrators in the Santa Cruz cemetery in the capital, Dili, on 12 November 1991, during the Indonesian occupation of East Timor and is part of the East Timorese genocide.
Marine surveying is often closely associated with marine insurance, damage and salvage, accident and fraud investigation as insurers generally lack the training and skills required to perform a detailed assessment of the condition of a vessel.
Vogels served as sports director of the Drapac Professional Cycling team in 2014, however he left the team at the end of the season in order to take a break from the sport in 2015 and spend more time with his family.
Niditinea orleansella is a species of clothes moth in the family Tineidae.
The score was written by Alan Menken, who also wrote the film's songs with Stephen Schwartz.
It is identified to be the part of the mountain ranges in the east coast of India (Eastern Ghats), that falls in Odisha.
Again was published in Canada by HarperCollins and in the US by Alfred A. Knopf in August 2013.
Aguilcourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Further DNA testing done on some residents show that they indeed have Chinese ancestors.
He was the first Nigerian Nuclear physicist and the second President the Nigerian Academy of Science.
He then became the naturalist on the staff of The Field magazine, becoming editor from 1938 to 1946.
It contains a two orders, Phaeothamniales and Aurearenales, and consists of species separated from Chrysophyceae.
Some taxa are accepted almost universally, while others are recognized only rarely.
Idalus aleteria is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Athaloc, however, was not deposed and died a natural death.
It is the largest genus of cichlids in Lake Tanganyika and also the largest genus in the tribe Lamprologini, which includes Altolamprologus, Chalinochromis, Julidochromis, Lamprologus, Lepidiolamprologus, Telmatochromis and Variabilichromis.
Vollenweider was drafted in the eighth round of the 1962 NFL Draft by the 49ers.
This non-equilibrium magnetization can be induced, generally by applying a pulse of resonant radio-frequency close to the Larmor frequency of the nuclear spins.
Combined global revenues from member firms in 2017 were US$5 billion.
The most successful and best-known version was recorded by R&B singer Chaka Khan and appeared on her 1984 album I Feel for You.
Rinehart holds a Master's degree in Cultural Communications from New York University and also studied in the graduate journalism program at City University of New York.
It serves the town of Saronno.
It is set in 1651 during the English Commonwealth.
Doto bella is a species of sea slug, a dendronotid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dotidae.
Mhic Gorraidh is a waterfall of Scotland.
Annette Carol Bening (born May 29, 1958) is an American actress.
Chinese kin, lineage or sometimes rendered as clan, is a patrilineal and patrilocal group of related Chinese people with a common surname sharing a common ancestor and, in many cases, an ancestral home.
After Salmon left the group Patrick and Thomas formed "McNamara's Trio" with Thomas on piccolo, Patrick on violin and Patrick's daughter, Eileen, on the piano.
Trace scheduling uses a basic block scheduling method to schedule the instructions in each entire trace, beginning with the trace with the highest frequency.
Washington State University also offers some.
She is best known for her first novel, Daddy Was a Number Runner (1970), which draws on autobiographical elements about growing up in Harlem during the Depression and in the era after the Harlem Renaissance.
Lord Faringdon was used on the Euston to Preston and Carlisle route.
South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone were unsure whether to make a sequel to the 2014 game or work on a new film project, opting for the game.
Its current name comes from the fact that it is a house 'High' on the hill, which commanded great views over the River Thames.
He is known for his role as Adam Wilde in the film If I Stay.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,669 and it contained 771 housing units.
As of December 2015, Utah's unemployment rate sat at 3.5%, and ranked 7th out of the 50 states and the District of Columbia.
He was inducted into the McGill Redmen Hall of Fame in 2000.
Clara Belle Williams was the first African-American graduate of New Mexico State University.
They announced that it would be the last album released on CD, as they believe the way forward is singles and digital.
The team did play however for two seasons in the Southeastern League.
The Vedic god Indra in part corresponds to Dyaus Pitar, the Sky Father, Zeus and Jupiter or Perun.
In the early 1960s there were plans to relocate the canal further north, near the junction of US 1 and Courtenay Parkway, but by 1964 when the new Haulover Canal Bridge was constructed these plans had been shelved.
She later married sculptor Anton Starkopf and is occasionally credited with the name Lydia Mei-Starkopf.
It is a short poem by L. L. Zamenhof, which was written a short time before he released Unua Libro (1887), in which it was published.
Prior to his time in the NFL, he was the starting quarterback for the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League and the Frankfurt Galaxy of the World League of American Football.
This is a list of publications by Fred Melville.
Azmi Mahmud (born 6 May 1967 in Parit Buntar, Perak) is a Malaysian footballer.
In 1942 he finally returned to the Belur Math.
Louis Stanislas Marin-Lavigne (1797 - 1860) was a French painter and lithographer.
This Is Such A Quiet Town in 2003.
Hamilton Township is a township in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, United States.
This causes the formation of projections that eventually engulf the bacteria.
The single was produced by Jerry Wexler, and was the most successful of Burke's long career, becoming his highest-charting single on both the R&B and pop singles charts.
Mastermind is a Charlie Chan spoof filmed in 1969 that sat on the shelf for seven years before receiving a limited theatrical release in 1976.
The Center for Human Dignity is the Simon Wiesenthal Center-planned Museum of Tolerance over Mamilla Cemetery at the center of West Jerusalem between Zion Square and the neighborhood of Mamilla.
Amari (angkutan malam hari or night transport) and andini (angkutan dini hari or early morning transport) will serve in all main corridors aside from corridors 4, 7, 11 and 12 that only operates on normal hours.
Pernicious anemia can be easily treated with either injections or pills of vitamin B12.
In addition to Mexia, the district serves the town of Tehuacana.
TVNZ Duke (formerly Duke) is a New Zealand television channel run by state broadcaster Television New Zealand.
CUL4A regulates numerous key processes such as DNA repair, chromatin remodeling, spermatogenesis, haematopoiesis and the mitotic cell cycle.
As an anthropology theory, techno-animism examines the interactions between the material and the spiritual aspects of technology in relation to humans.
Its construction was commissioned by Walter Craigmiles, who grew up in the P.M. Craigmiles House.
She rose to fame in 1997 as a member of the girl group All Saints.
So-called "blue roses" have been bred by conventional hybridization methods, but the results, such as "Blue Moon", are more accurately described as lilac in color.
Along with the lesser roadrunner, it is one of two species in the roadrunner genus Geococcyx.
The principality was overrun by the Mongols under Batu Khan in 1242.
ACCESS also produces two publications on international affairs: 'Monthly Access', an online monthly publication, and 'Quarterly Access', a more in-depth, quarterly print publication.
Hill played in a total of 49 career games.
These specimens are now rare, as mineral collecting is not permitted in the National Park.
Additionally, 19% of pupils received special education services, while none or the pupils were identified as gifted.
He graduated from Trinity School in New York City in 1975 and Georgetown University in 1979 with a degree in urban studies.
Valentina Monetta represented San Marino with the song "The Social Network Song", which failed to qualify from the first semi-final, achieving 14th place with 31 points.
Moody 4B is an instrumental album released by jazz musician James Moody.
The DVD release of the tour, named A Big Night in with Darren Hayes, was recorded in the Concert Hall of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney, Australia in July 2006.
The teacher comes around and confers with students to help them with their goals.
The film was dubbed and released in Tamil as Idhuthaanda Police, which also became successful.
Khatoon is a Pakistani politician who is a member-elect of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh.
When the local government, led by judicial commissioner Yuxian, moved in to suppress the movement, Liu was arrested and beheaded.
The only things that still exist in the old community are the two churches.
He was also a member of the Jurisdictional Conferences in 1940, 1944, 1948, and 1952.
The Cotton Palace was an exhibition ground in the area of Clay Avenue, Dutton Avenue and South Sixteenth Street in Waco, Texas, It was built to highlight cotton-growing activities in the area.
These bustards are found mainly in northwestern and central India during the summer but are found more widely distributed across India in winter.
As of June 2016, it has 37 retail galleries worldwide.
The Persians overran and gained control over Phocis, then Boeotia, and finally entered Attica where they captured the now-evacuated Athens.
Chinyere Pigot is a Surinamese swimmer living in Miami, Florida who attended the University of Connecticut and participated on a collegiate level.
It was the second drawn series in four years and being the second default title retention by Queensland, it ignited protests from the New South Wales camp eventually accepted by the NRL, for the introduction of extra-time to State of Origin matches was introduced to ensure a definitive result.
The Ezra Hospital is a part of Medical College Kolkata.
The Fairmont Monte Carlo is a luxury resort located in Monte Carlo managed by the Canadian-based hotel chain Fairmont Hotels and Resorts.
It was the first in a quadrilogy produced by Eddie Romero and Kane W. Lynn known as the "Blood Island" series, which also included Brides of Blood, The Mad Doctor of Blood Island and Beast of Blood.
The term "alternative archeology" has also been used to describe the study of Earth mystery beliefs.
Newtoy was the fourteenth company to be acquired by Zynga during its peak years.
Additionally, they have released thirty four singles.
The Warriors factored heavily into the progress of young black athletes in the city, which has continued to this day with things like the Chosen League that occurs annually.
The period of significance begins for the district with the purchase of the water rights for the ranch in 1919 and ends with the death with the last of the three Gray sons, Robert, Jr., in 1976, and the subsequent removal of the last of the Gray's cattle from the monument.
The house dates from the early nineteenth century with later alterations.
While doing this, the inner packet is unmodified (except the TTL field, which is decremented).
The paper was launched in January 1842 and terminated by Prussian state censorship in March 1843.
Troy Harley (born November 9, 1984 in Nizhny Novgorod as Roman Arkhipov) is a Russian pop-rock singer.
Led by artistic director Jeff Clarke, it takes its name from Haydn's operatic setting of Goldoni's farce Il mondo della luna.
The Boord olefin synthesis, a reaction he discovered in 1930, is named after him.
There are many biking and walking trails, as well as hot springs.
Semiothisa is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
The season will consist of 20 episodes and will air on Thursdays at 8:00 pm (ET).
In fRoots, Jerry Gilbert described him as "a second-generation Irishman with a high intellect and an angry disposition."
Lemons was Segall's first album on Goner Records, and his first release to be issued on CD as well as other formats.
She has documented many celebrated dancers in the U.S. and India such as Merce Cunningham Dance Company, Elizabeth Streb, Larry Keigwin, Shen Wei, Mrinalini Sarabhai, Priyadarshini Govind, Madhavi Mudghal, and Navtej Johar.
In 2009 one of his songs 'Wanda' was feature in the Eddie Izzard documentary 'I believe'.
At the same time, it was announced that Mozilla Foundation will provide at least a temporary legal and financial home for the Thunderbird project.
Countdown at Kusini (also known as Cool Red) is a 1976 action/drama film written by Howard Friedlander and Ed Spielman, and directed by Ossie Davis.
The same year, Mark appeared as Kenny Benjamin in the episode "The Special One" of the ABC science fiction series The Outer Limits.
He also provides the voice of the recurring character Irving in the Italian-language version of the Disney Channel animated series Phineas and Ferb.
Regular team captain Paul Merton stood in as the host of the first episode following Deayton's departure, following which the program was presented by a different guest host each week (many of which have presented several editions of the show).
A similar set of collections which will have all 8 of the main Mega Man X titles known as Mega Man X Legacy Collection and Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2 with X-X4 in the first set and X5-X8 in the second set.
Calliaqua is a town in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
This project was canceled in 1983, as the PDP-10 was increasingly eclipsed by the VAX supermini machines (descendants of the PDP-11).
The SuiteCRM project has stated that every line of code released by the project is and will always be open source.
William Brittain (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in first-class cricket matches in 1800.
The film stars Jon Bon Jovi and Demi Moore as a young couple struggling with alcoholism and the death of their young child.
The film stars Vijayakanth and Rupini in the lead roles.
He was the elder brother of James Dark.
Georgios Kalogiannidis (born November 21, 1982) is an archer from Greece.
Subsequently, Simon and Helen formed an all-girl band called The Marines (CBS/Sony Records) with Denny Jones and Sarah Pritchard; Simon wrote and produced the material and they were managed by Colin Lester.
The screenplay was written by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, which was based upon a 1933 play by Edward Barry Roberts and Frank Morgan Cavett starring Tallulah Bankhead.
The eight members nominated by the government and the two independent candidates hold the balance of power.
He is an alumnus of the DigiPen Institute of Technology with a Bachelor of Science in Real-Time Interactive Simulation and Computer Science.
At the present, it is disputed twice a year by the men's ice hockey teams of the three campus of the University of Toronto.
According to US Soccer, all teams within the Division I, II, & III professional leagues will qualify automatically as in past years.
In short, the hotly debated change to a military government was, in practice, more cosmetic than real.
The Lancashire Cotton Corporation was a company set up by the Bank of England in 1929, to rescue the Lancashire spinning industry by means of horizontal rationalization.
She contends that similarities between Luther's anti-Jewish writings, especially On the Jews and Their Lies, and modern anti-Semitism are no coincidence, because they derived from a common history of Judenhass (Jew-hatred), which she traces back to the biblical Haman's advice to Ahasuerus.
City College is accredited by the Accrediting Bureau of Health Education Schools (ABHES).
The Universal Wireless Communications Consortium was a professional association of wireless communications companies operating in the Americas.
It is found in southern Brazil and the pantanal of Paraguay, Bolivia and Brazil; also extreme north-eastern Argentina.
It was renovated for use during the Cold War.
There are a few idols that are found in this temple which date back to the Somavamshi period and carved during 10-11th CE.
The remains of the former Rugby to Leamington Spa railway line run west of Draycote.
In 2012, Six Point Harness partnered with Titmouse Animation Studios to launch a web channel called Rug Burn.
In this species, the flower is white and green with narrow, erect lateral sepals and a small labellum.
While slavery had been a major issue that led to the war, Lincoln's only mission at the start of the war was to maintain the Union.
Dhutroli's geographical area is 458 hectares (1,130 acres).
Guidugli is currently the running backs coach at the University of Cincinnati.
Several wind and rain machines were used to create the storm and tornado effects.
He served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 2004 to 2008 representing the electoral district of Cardston-Taber-Warner.
The Avon School District is a public school district in Bon Homme County, South Dakota, United States, based in Avon, South Dakota.
Andrew Bowie MP (born Arbroath, 28 May 1987) is a Scottish Conservative Party politician.
Kikuyu Constituency has registered rapid growth in the recent past due to the demand for housing which the construction sector is rapidly trying to match.
The stadium was initially used for greyhound racing with motorcycle speedway starting there five years later.
D. Craven Griffiths, a Liberal who worked for the civil service wanted to stand in the by-election.
Ernest G. Cunningham (born July 4, 1936) is an American former politician.
Splende is the fourth solo studio album of the Italian singer-songwriter Annalisa, published on February 12, 2015 by label Warner Music Italy.
The Bitter Tea of General Yen was the first film to play at Radio City Music Hall upon its opening on January 3, 1933.
He made several return trips to the qualifying tournament without success.
This article is about tools for visually-impaired people.
The Hummer H1 is a four-wheel-drive utility vehicle based on the M998 Humvee, which was created by AM General.
A number of vendor-specific terms exist for devices in this space.
The Slovak Extraliga 2002-03 was the tenth regular season of the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of professional ice hockey in Slovakia.
This is the heart of the Cane River Louisiana Creole community, free people of color of mixed-race descent who settled here in the antebellum period.
English pressure on Scotland to accept the Act of Settlement was one factor leading to the parliamentary union of the two countries in 1707.
It was created on 6 March 1666 for Maurice Diggs.
The Maryborough Military & Colonial Museum is a non-profit museum located at 106 Wharf Street, Maryborough, Queensland, Australia.
Originating in Hungarian cuisine, this soup is a summer delicacy in several European cuisines.
The system of patents was established to encourage inventors by granting limited-term, limited monopoly on inventions determined to be sufficiently novel, non-obvious, and useful.
Chris Nielsen (born April 2, 1955 in Aalborg, Denmark) is a Canadian country singer, who recorded both as a solo artist and as a duo with her husband R. Harlan Smith.
Myrmedobia is a genus of minute bladder bugs in the family Microphysidae.
A handbook is a type of reference work, or other collection of instructions, that is intended to provide ready reference.
Gibson started producing the S-1 in mid-1974, but released it on the market in 1975.
The team's first choice strip is green shirts with black and white trim, black shorts and socks.
The station, owned by Newcap Radio since 2017, airs a classic hits format with some talk and sports at 610 on the AM dial.
In chronic pancreatitis these tests may be normal.
It was a French/Italian co-production.
Oriana is a given name, primarily of a female, that is widespread in Europe.
Elachista vakshi is a moth in the Elachistidae family.
The recording was produced by Randy Wood. and ranked #24 on Billboard magazine's Top 50 songs of 1958.The B-side to Boone's version, "It's Too Soon to Know", reached #4 in the U.S. and #7 in the U.K. in 1958.
He earned a B.S. degree in Human and Organizational Development.
On the other extreme of the group, Chris Erswell was supportive of the Italian TILC group's orientation.
The club was founded as a section of Red Star on 22 April 1946.
Intelligence Community Directive 301 is a United States Intelligence Community Directive issued in 2006 to push emphasis on making open source intelligence the source of first resort among the intelligence community.
He won the 2002 CIF California State Meet, defeating Adam Tafralis, son of Olympian Gregg Tafralis.
Yasmin Lander is an English professional wrestler best known under the ring name, Charlie Morgan.
A 90-minute retrospective, "Looking Back and Talking Quack," aired on April 5, 2017.
Soul Rebel is the second studio album from John Givez.
Southern Arabian languages have been increasingly eclipsed by the more dominant Arabic (also a Semitic language) for more than a millennium.
Parkinson-Hasler (born February 10, 1979) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
The crater Segers on the Moon is named after him.
The village forms several small streets north of the church, and a row of houses to the west.
The game was also installed as a motion simulator ride in multiple American zoos.
"Batman Family" is the informal term for Batman's closest allies, generally masked vigilantes operating in Gotham City.
Democratic candidates continued to receive majority-white support in state and local elections until the 1990s, when the realignment of whites shifted to Republicans.
The first annual Shirley Jackson Awards were presented July 20, 2007 at the Readercon Conference on Imaginative Literature in Burlington, Massachusetts.
Murs later released his fifth studio album, 24 Hrs, which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart.
It used to be the administrative seat of the Amt Landschaft Sylt and a municipality into which a number of villages had been amalgamated in 1970.
The song was written by Green and Matchbox Twenty front man Rob Thomas.
After the war she was acquired by the United States Navy as USS Mission San Luis Rey (AO-128).
It was the first mass-produced pistol with an aluminum alloy frame and the first Colt pistol to be chambered in 9mm Parabellum.
In 2014 he released a song titled "Telemundo loving" which aired on channel O and all local TV stations in Zambia.
Scenes from Confessions of a Nazi Spy are shown in War Comes to America, the last of the Why We Fight propaganda film series, as well as the 2004 documentary film Imaginary Witness: Hollywood and the Holocaust.
As a result, he was made bendahara in 1456.
After the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999, Lord Belstead was created a life peer as Baron Ganzoni, of Ipswich in the County of Suffolk, on 17 November 1999, in order to allow him to remain in the House of Lords.
This film is a remake of Douglas Fairbanks's 1916 film Manhattan Madness.
Guido possibly composed it, but he more likely used an existing melody.
Kim Saigh (born June 25, 1973 in Westlake, Ohio) is an American tattoo artist and television personality.
In fact, the fixed portion of the link was provided by a Voice over IP implementation using the domestic ADSL service.
Bissounel Formation is a geologic formation in France.
He made his screenwriting debut with the 2013 thriller film Stoker.
Barbuto and his wife, Erin, live in Rock Springs, Wyoming, where he works in the non-profit sector.
A woman may also be a person whose sex assignment does not align with their gender identity, or an intersex person (someone born with sexual characteristics that do not fit typical notions of male or female).
SIL Ethnologue lists 850 users of the language and 1950 ethnic Wayana in all countries, using counts from 2006 and 2007.
Eldora Park was an amusement park that opened in 1901 in Eldora, Pennsylvania.
CA 19-9 (carbohydrate antigen 19-9, also called cancer antigen 19-9 or sialylated Lewis (a) antigen) is a tumor marker that is used primarily in the management of pancreatic cancer.
USS Gypsy (SP-55) was the planned designation for a motorboat the United States Navy acquired in 1917 for use as a patrol vessel but which was destroyed by a fire before she could be commissioned.
In October and November 2012, the band went on The Rockshow at the End of the World Tour in the US, alongside All Time Low, the Downtown Fiction and Hit the Lights.
Azincourt is an historical novel written by Bernard Cornwell.
Missouri had nine seats in the House, apportioned according to the 1990 United States Census.
Jackson had threatened to go to the tabloids with her claim to be Cosby's illegitimate child unless Cosby paid her $40 million USD.
Aponotoreas is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
Hadrian and Sabina as Mars and Venus is a 1.73m tall marble statue of 120-140 AD (with restorations of c. 170-175).
Hunter Street is a major road in the Newcastle central business district, in New South Wales.
A character, played by Rachel Weisz, based on Chernova, appeared in the film Enemy at the Gates.
The Villa Wilhelm Blumwe is an historical house in downtown Bydgoszcz, registered on the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship Heritage List.
The movement also encompasses some other movements with a more specific focus, such as the climate movement.
The Pakistan Olympic Association, established in 1948, and recognized in the same year by the International Olympic Committee, is the National Olympic Committee for Pakistan.
It later was released in the United Kingdom, Canada, Spain, Germany, Argentina, Austria, Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Denmark, New Zealand, and Australia.
Plaza del Emperador Carlos V (Emperor Charles V square) is a square in the city of Madrid.
John Jerry (born June 14, 1986) is an American football guard for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL).
It first aired in Canada on Space and the United States on BBC America on 14 April 2016.
Intermediate and My Spanish Coach Level 2: Intermediate, also developed and published by Ubisoft, were released in Europe on November 23, 2007 alongside their Level 1 counterparts.
Byrne has also represented the Republic of Ireland U17 and Republic of Ireland U19 teams.
Since its moving to Montreal in 2003, Wapstan started performing live and has performed many shows in Montreal as well as New England and central Canada.
It feeds on Pinus banksiana, Abies firma, Pinus armandii, Pinus massoniana, and Pinus densiflora.
The Anthology is a 2-disc greatest hits collection of Iggy Pop, released in 2005.
Three Archangels with Young Tobias is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Filippino Lippi, dated 1485.
Members of Rundgren's group Utopia also played on the record and the work had a decidedly "new wave" feel.
Pant Pratinidhi family is a prominent aristocratic noble family of India, who served as Pratinidhis to Chhatrapatis of Maratha Empire and later became independent rulers of the Aundh and Vishalgad princely states.
Jose Ortiz (born October 2, 1993) is an American jockey who has been a rider on the New York Thoroughbred horse racing circuit since 2012.
Theodore N. "Ted" Lerner (born October 15, 1925) is an American real estate developer, and managing principal owner of the Washington Nationals baseball team.
Although conservative, Capitol Hill Baptist Church supports the practice of having female deacons.
Sad Clown Bad Fall 10 is a 5-track EP that was released in October 2007 by Atmosphere.
In the season finale, Harold Dieterle was declared the Top Chef, defeating Tiffani Faison.
Following on from Duff's first collaboration with the band, Earthworm in 2006 (two tracks from that release, Connection and Earthworm, re-appear here), the American performer takes center stage on Hollywood, which is named after his hometown.
The remaining 400 employees were involved with O'Connor's Swiss Bank joint venture, which was formed in 1989.'.
These partners collaborated to produce a Conservation Area Plan for the area in 2006.
80 (eighty) is the natural number following 79 and preceding 81.
The group starred in Nickelodeon's television series Big Time Rush and signed to a record deal with Nick Records simultaneously with the television series, and then the group was eventually signed to Columbia Records.
He was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the fifth round of the 2010 NFL Draft.
The US Department of Defense reports he was born on June 3, 1975 in Kuwait City.
These ships were formerly used by the US Navy as Auk class minesweepers.
In 2010, Arsen Cigars was launched by Arsen Gasparian, a former diplomat and journalist who came to the cigar industry originally as a publisher of the Russian Cigar Magazine, Hecho A Mano.
Colloid nodules are the most common kind of thyroid nodule.
The purpose of walk-through tests is for the auditors to establish the reliability of a client's accounting and internal control procedures, Walk-through tests can not be considered tests of controls.
In 2016, he won the silver medal at the European Men's Team Championships in Kazan, Russia.
The builder of the race circuit is named Douglas Charles Barrett.
The board was discontinued on June 19, 2017.
Born in Harpurhey, Manchester, Wilkinson attended North Manchester High School for Boys before taking various jobs such as a relief pub landlord and the coach of a football team in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The population was 1,995 at the 2000 census.
National Express sold c2c to the Italian operator Trenitalia in February 2017.
Mohammed Islam Mohammadi (1921 - January 26, 2007) was a Taliban governor and member of the National Assembly of Afghanistan.
Macarani is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.
The flowers of this variety have golden yellow anthers and medium berry production.
This mushroom can also be found in La Esperanza, Honduras, where a festival is celebrated annually in its honor.
Through 1956 he worked as an editor for the inhabitants of Zurich's "World Week".
As of the 2010 census, the county population was 65,880.
Sam Sheldon (born 8 March 1989) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League.
All these Buddhist traditions are closely related historically and all include practices of both the Mahayana and Vajrayana traditions of Buddhism.
She played over 100 times for the Women's National Team.
Numerous other trail systems have been opened throughout the country since.
He was a cousin of King James II of Scotland, being like King James a grandson to King Robert III of Scotland.
In a split referral, legislation is divided into sections, with each part sent to the appropriate committee.
It is found in Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Nigeria, Senegal, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
It supports the positive meanings and appreciation of the words and body parts such as the vagina, vulva, and clitoris.
Featuring LaLonde and Alexander, Primus recorded their debut Suck on This in 1989, followed by four studio albums: Frizzle Fry, Sailing the Seas of Cheese, Pork Soda, and Tales from the Punchbowl.
The Secretariat of public works, transport and housing is responsible for formulation, coordination, execution and evaluation of policies related to housing, works of public infrastructure, urban systems, transportation, and the management of public works.
He was eventually beaten with a yuko by Ukraine's Gennadiy Bilodid in the first round.
Gotham Games, Inc. was an American video game publisher based in New York City.
Led by multi-instrumentalist Pat Pagano, the group drew influence from minimalist and experimental music composers such as LaMonte Young and Terry Riley.
The year 2011 is the 3rd year in the history of BRACE, a mixed martial arts promotion based in Australia.
ESS became a European Research Infrastructure Consortium, or ERIC, on 1 October 2015.
British West Indies dollar (BWI$) was the currency of British Guiana and the Eastern Caribbean territories of the British West Indies from 1935 to 1965, when it was largely replaced by the East Caribbean dollar, and was one of the currencies used in Jamaica from 1954 to 1964.
Deportations took place during the period from 1945 to 1947.
Presidential elections were held in Bulgaria on 11 November 2001, with a second round on 18 November.
They are strong fliers in tropical forests where they feed on fermenting fruits and animal dung.
Men's 100m races for amputee athletes at the 2004 Summer Paralympics were held in the Athens Olympic Stadium from 21 to 25 September.
He is a command pilot with more than 4,900 flying hours in several types of aircraft, including 607 combat missions for 1,323 combat hours.
His passion for the NBA has been featured in USA Today, the Detroit Free Press, the Wall Street Journal, the Boston Globe, and ESPN the Magazine.
Established in 2013, in a development deal with Warner Bros television and Sam Haskell, founder, Magnolia Hill was created to bring forth content that is lacking in today's television climate.
The festival is organized by Spring Music and was first held in 2008.
User Interface and the Fly Ball Cursor - Prior to Intellivision World Series Baseball in 1983 all hits in baseball games were grounders, since there was no way to display the ball in flight in 3D. After World Series Baseball, from 1983-1990 games had fly balls but used a ball-shaped shadow to trace the ball's path on the ground.
The term Middle English literature refers to the literature written in the form of the English language known as Middle English, from the 12th century until the 1470s.
Ramon C. Gonzalez Jr. (born 1947) is a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives.
In the work, Pagels considers each of the non-pastoral Pauline epistles, and questions about their authorship.
The type species of this genus is Thermanaeromonas toyohensis, a highly thermophilic anaerobe.
Players can earn experience points and level up by upgrading their fleets and starbase, completing game missions, and engaging in live combat with other players and NPCs.
He is a Cadillac factory driver at the SCCA World Challenge, where he resulted GT class champion in 2005, runner-up in 2007, 2008 and 2012, third in 2006 and 2013.
Earl Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois.
From the late 1990s to early 2000s Nasr and Sahara Jane performed at folk festivals and music events in Canada including the Winnipeg Folk Festival, The Vancouver Island Music Festival, Deep Roots Music Festival, Trout Forest Music Festival and the Thundering Women Festival.
She is best known for her bestselling debut, Memoirs of an Ex-Prom Queen (Knopf, 1972), "one of the first novels to emerge from the Women's Liberation Movement" (Oxford Companion to Women's Writing).
It is his only studio album entirely composed of master tracks recorded at Gold Star Studios.
Magnum (French name: magnum) was a UK bottle size for wine and champagne.
It produces antidepressant and anxiolytic effects in animal studies, and has been shown to boost release of dopamine and serotonin in specific brain areas.
Oxyptilus variegatus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae.
Alcis postlurida is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Recently the residents have been debating the development of the old UC Berkeley Field Station, which is proposed to have highrise office buildings and thousands of new housing units.
The SMC Pentax-DA 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 AL lens is a standard zoom lens for the Pentax K-mount.
Each great power has four provinces on which factories can be built, with the United States having three shipyards, China having three armaments facilities, and the other great powers having two of each.
Medals may be awarded posthumously and the award does not distinguish between amateur and professional ornithologists.
He returned to silent films and then to talkie Marathi films from 1932 till his last film in 1966.
Marofangady is a town and commune in Madagascar.
Santa Teresita, officially the Municipality of Santa Teresita, (Tagalog: Bayan ng Santa Teresita), is a 5th class municipality in the province of Batangas, Philippines.
During the 2011 Libyan civil war, the sculpture was frequently noted in media coverage of televised speeches given by Gaddafi on 22 February and 20 March 2011, in which he vowed to "die a martyr" to prevent anti-government rebels prevailing.
Content is managed either via the API or the web-based admin control panel.
It's essential for the correct implementation by manufacturers of either fixed, mobile or portable receivers aimed at the Brazilian Digital TV market.
The only members of this gens who appear in history are the emperor and his son, Marcus Opellius Diadumenianus, who ruled briefly as co-emperor in 218, but other Opellii are found in inscriptions, particularly from Dacia.
The second 'Renaissance'-themed issue includes an eight-page feature in which iconic paintings from the era are re-engineered into a high-fashion editorial.
Both flowers and fruits are red.
The Spirit of Christmas 2009 is part of the Spirit of Christmas album series.
Holly Norton (born 1 January 1993) is a British rower.
The team plays its home games in Cougar Stadium at Crenshaw High School in nearby Crenshaw, California, where they have played since 2011.
The Lincoln Motion Picture Company was an American film production company founded in 1916 by Noble and George Johnson.
The album would peak at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 album chart, while the title song, "Love Will Keep Us Together", won the Grammy Award for Record Of The Year and was nominated for Song Of The Year.
Her design was based upon the existing Ton class minesweepers, and she was fitted with equipment recovered from the scrapped HMS Derriton.
Calvin Andre Miles Jr. (born March 18, 1987) is an American professional basketball player for the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The museum has Maidu artifacts as well as many from early settlers during the California Gold Rush.
Daniel P. Kristiansen (born December 13, 1962) is an American politician of the Republican Party.
The Heart of a Woman (1981) is an autobiography by American writer Maya Angelou.
Custer Died for Your Sins was significant in its presentation of Native Americans as a people who were able to retain their tribal society and morality, while existing in the modern world.
He is best known in the United Kingdom for his role as Calvin Valentine in the British soap opera Hollyoaks.
She was nominated as Africa Movie Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role in 2012.
Bhojas of Goa are a dynasty that ruled Goa and parts of Konkan and some part of Karnataka from the at least 3rd century AD to the 6th century AD, Goa came under the political sway of the Bhojas who ruled this territory in feudal allegiance to the Mauryan emperor of Pataliputra or perhaps under Shatavahanas.
The moths of Zimbabwe represent about 1,000 known moth species.
He was the brother of Liam Brady.
The minister is responsible for the Department of Racing, Gaming and Liquor, which oversees gambling, liquor licenses, and racing in Western Australia.
The Australian Club is a private club founded in 1838 and located in Sydney at 165 Macquarie Street.
Zune is a discontinued media management app for Microsoft Windows that functions as a full media player application with a library, an interface to the Zune Marketplace, and as a media streaming server.
He was a trumpeter in Ellington's band from 1938 to 1944, replacing Arthur Whetsol, and appeared in several sound films with the band, including Cabin in the Sky.
He was retained in the side for the 2013 Americas Twenty20 Championship the following year, and featured in five of a possible eight matches, with a best of 44 against Suriname.
Les jeux sont faits, known in English as The Chips are Down, is a 1947 French fantasy film directed by Jean Delannoy, based on the screenplay of the same name by French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre.
In the 1960s his donarium was recovered from Sant'Omobono in Rome, and the number of scars on the top of the monument confirm the quantity of statues he brought from Volsinii to Rome.
All species are lianas with clusters of funnelform flowers, bloomig twice a year in spring and fall.
After the Soviet withdrawal from Germany it moved to Yasnaya in Chita Oblast and was disbanded in 1998.
Penicillium erythromellis is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.
Coolbaugh was promoted to lieutenant (junior grade) on 1 October 1942, and lost his life in an aircraft accident 19 December 1942.
She does not appear in T. S. Eliot's work Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats, but she is a prominent character in the stageplay.
Her personal bests in the event are 6.64 meters outdoors (+1.4 m/s, Ljubljana 1996) and 6.49 meters indoors (Ljubljana 1995).
Celebrations of the day culminated in 2010 with a football game held in Mandela National Stadium (Uganda) between war victims, delegates attending the ICC Review Conference, President Museveni, and Ban Ki-Moon, Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Bilaspur - Bikaner Expresss is an Express train of the Indian Railways connecting Bilaspur Junction in Chhattisgarh and Bikaner Junction in Rajasthan.
Nik Turner of Hawkwind offered valuable experience in use of setting up of the pyramid, a free alternative space, a legendary stage, which had originally made its debut with Sphinx at the Edinburgh festival Greenham, Sizewell, Stonehenge, Hyde Park.
R. J. Palmer II (born December 25, 1970) is an American politician from the state of Kentucky.
Histamine N-methyltransferase catalyzes the methylation of histamine in the presence of S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) forming N-methylhistamine.
Michael Garber (1892-1977) was a Montreal-based lawyer and a Canadian Jewish community activist.
In the early 20th century as horse-drawn vehicles were supplanted by the motor car, the term 'buckboard' was also used in reference to a passenger car (usually a 'tourer') from which the rear body had been removed and replaced with a load-carrying bed.
The organization rose to power in the 1970s and continued to operate throughout the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s.
Around the fortification, a new settlement grew, which eventually grew into the city of Bukittinggi, the second largest city in West Sumatra.
Until recently her funnel could be seen rising out from the sea.
Upon completion she was assigned to the 3rd Cruiser Squadron of the Mediterranean Fleet and was then assigned to the 5th Cruiser Squadron in the Mediterranean in 1909 after a lengthy refit.
It is possible for a GPS satellite to broadcast slightly incorrect information that will cause navigation information to be incorrect, but there is no way for the receiver to determine this using the standard techniques.
In May 2017, the orchestra announced that Mickelthwate is to conclude his music directorship of the orchestra after the close of the 2017-2018 season.
RAF Durrington was one of six radar stations built in coastal areas in 1941 to improve the radar capability of the Royal Air Force during night bombing raids by the Axis powers.
The film was produced by Aliud Entertainment and distributed by Viva Films which will be released Christmas Day and serves as the official entry to the 2018 Metro Manila Film Festival.
In 1945, under the direction of A. J. Heinicke, scientists from the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station of Cornell University in Geneva, New York, harvested the Empire seed, together with thousands of its siblings.
They have received comparisons to many bands, including Death Cab for Cutie and The Arcade Fire.
It is also just a water taxi ride from Baltimore's Inner Harbor as well as Federal Hill.
In E. coli chromosomes, the origin and terminus of replication divide the genome into oppositely replicated halves called replichores.
The biography was published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1985.
It is a non-motile, Gram-positive, spherical-shaped organism that obtains energy by using hydrogen to reduce methanol to methane.
They can be used as stereoselective industrial biocatalysts.
This protein binds inhibitor of apoptosis proteins (IAPs), thus freeing caspases to activate apoptosis.
The twins were forced to join the cult by their father Ethan (Matt Minto) and they had differing opinions about living at the camp.
Otherly Opus is an album by Joy Electric, released on March 20, 2007 on Tooth & Nail Records.
Loon Lake of the title is also the name of a retreat for millionaire industrialist F. W. Bennett where the drifter Joe temporarily finds home, after being attacked by the wild dogs surrounding the estate.
She is also the younger sister of actress Vanessa Marano who starred in Freeform's Switched at Birth.
With a silver medal in the open enterprise class at the 1998 Asian Games, Sadiq became the first sailor to win 5 medals at the Asian Games.
Boxworth is a village in South Cambridgeshire, situated about eight miles to the north-west of Cambridge.
Colonies in the outer Solar System could also serve as centers for long-term investigation of the planet and the other moons.
The certification was conditional on the Registrar of Friendly Societies determining that it offered significant benefits to the employee, that it took contributions at the cost of the employer as well as its members, and that it was of a permanent character.
According to Flodoard of Reims, he was a relative of Charles the Simple, king of West Francia.
Meta-scheduling or Super scheduling is a computer software technique of optimizing computational workloads by combining an organization's multiple Distributed Resource Managers into a single aggregated view, allowing batch jobs to be directed to the best location for execution.
They have an operculum, and are aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Neritiliidae.
Aaron Christopher Ramsdale is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bournemouth.
Expedition 33 was the 33rd long-duration expedition to the International Space Station (ISS).
It was described by Paul Dognin in 1909, originally under the genus Aphyle.
The Regiment was transferred into the newly raised Special Operations Command in 2003.
This family took and raised the infant left behind by the Vararuchi couple while on the pilgrimage along the Nila River banks.
Jerry L. Fielding (born 1947) is an American politician.
On September 26, 2012, an agreement was reached to end the lockout after increasing criticism of the NFL and the performance of the replacement officials.
The building was originally planned as part of a three-building complex designed by I.M. Pei & Partners, but only one tower was constructed.
It sits on the border of Northumberland, which it is historically part of, and is approximately two miles from Whitley Bay.
He has released music under the alias of Mathieu Bauer but as of 2015 has returned to the use of his real name.
Seminole Heights is a historic neighborhood and district located in central Tampa.
The Grand Duchess was the guest of honor at an event to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Luxembourg Red Cross Bazaar in Limpertsberg in November 2016.
In light of the club's failure to award Brazil a well-deserved testimonial Rovers fans organized a testimonial dinner on Sunday 26 October 1997.
She is also an accomplished gardener.
Anne Logston (born February 15, 1962) is an American author of fantasy novels.
This quick departure highlights Joseph's rapid obedience, and also the immediacy of the threat.
Most of the variety segments no longer exist in accordance with the BBC's policy of wiping at the time, prevalent into the late 1970s.
It had a population of around 1,750 in January 2017.
This species is distributed in cooler climates of Eurasia, as well as from Alaska, Washington State, British Columbia, Yukon, Greenland, Newfoundland, Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands.
Christopher Tucker (born August 31, 1971) is an American actor and stand-up comedian.
Pando is an extinct town in Eagle County, in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Kuichavar is a village in Bhatpar Rani tehsil, Deoria district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Chandler lost 58,715 to 186,853, with Natural Law Party candidate Kathleen M. McKnight receiving 13,905 votes.
South of the lake are Lago di Ariamacina and Botte Donato.
It provided credit reporting, credit scoring, and marketing analytics services.
The second tournament was won by Pakistan who beat Sri Lanka by 8 wickets in England on 21 June 2009.
Then between 1827 and 1834 she made two voyages as a whaler.
The town was named for the railway siding, which was named for the cadastral hundred, which in turn was named after the Cunyarie Rockhole in the area, which provides a pool of water in a sheet of exposed granite.
Now he was (then) High Priest of Anhur, and High Priest of Hathor, Lady of Dendera, and Superintendent of Prophets of all Gods, to his south (as far) as Heriheramun, and to his North, (as far) as Thinis.
The tour began on October 25, 2008 at Makuhari Messe Event Hall in Chiba, Japan and will end on July 12, 2009 at Shanghai Grand Stage in Shanghai, China.
However, it is also possible to produce devices that modulate the phase of the beam or both the intensity and the phase simultaneously.
Enculturation is the process by which people learn the dynamics of their surrounding culture and acquire values and norms appropriate or necessary in that culture and worldviews.
The conversion of the cherry to oro or green bean (the dried coffee bean which is ready to be exported) is achieved through either a dry, semi-washed or fully washed process.
However, specific proteases are used for cleaving of proteins for regulatory and protein trafficking purposes.
The flight deck was open, but the passenger cabin was fully enclosed.
Hena Maes-Jelinek (1929-2008) was a Czech-born Belgian literary scholar.
Sidlaphadi near Badami in Karnataka, is a natural rock bridge and pre historic rock shelter.
Robert Strelley (by 1518-1554), of Great Bowden, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
Kat currently resides in Los Angeles, California.
It is a multi discipline arts festival mixing theater, circus, dance, music, food and visual arts.
Sherman had trained ten Graded stakes winners and is credited with over 2,100 wins prior to becoming the trainer of California Chrome.
Giovanni Battista Livizzani was an Italian painter and poet, who lived in the first part of the 17th century.
The coils are switched on and off in a precisely timed sequence, causing the projectile to be accelerated quickly along the barrel via magnetic forces.
Zamia erosa is a species of cycad native to the Caribbean islands of Jamaica, Cuba, and Puerto Rico, described by Orator Fuller Cook and Guy N. Collins in 1903.
It is found in the United States, where it has been recorded from Illinois and Florida.
Webber was born in Melbourne.
Smisek has played for Germany at four Women's World Cup finals.
Chupacabra vs. The Alamo is a 2013 made-for-TV movie about a pack of Chupacabra that use a tunnel to escape from Mexico to San Antonio, Texas.
Swimming in heat five, he rounded out the field to last place by almost a full second behind Zimbabwe's Glen Walshaw in 53.50.
Internet Infidels maintains a website of educational resources about agnosticism, atheism, freethought, humanism, secularism, and other nontheistic viewpoints particularly relevant to nonbelievers and skeptics of the paranormal.
George Rodrick "Roddy" Jackson (born April 9, 1942) is an American rockabilly and rock and roll singer, songwriter, pianist and saxophonist, who recorded for Specialty Records in the 1950s.
Stephen Lee (born 1972) is a television presenter and television newsreader.
This species lives in New Zealand.
The album, called simply, "The Electronic Anthology Project of Dinosaur Jr.", featured synthesizers and programmed beats by Nelson and vocals by Dinosaur Jr.'s J Mascis.
Peter Angermann (born 1945 in Rehau, Bavaria) is a German painter based in Nuremberg.
Machame Uroki is a town and ward in Hai District in the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.
The Journal of the American Dental Association is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal on dentistry published by the American Dental Association.
The variety of soils give rise to a similarly diverse ground flora which includes bluebell (Hyacinthoides non-scripta), great butterfly orchid (Platanthera chlorantha) and common spotted-orchid (Dactylorhiza fuchsii), stinking iris (Iris foetidissima) and spurge laurel (Daphne laureola).
In 1447 Pope Eugene died, and Livingston was one of the two Basel delegates who went to Vienna to attempt to persuade Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor to convoke a new council of the church.
They were formed in response to cholera epidemics and were given powers to control sewers, clean the streets, regulate environmental health risks including slaughterhouses and ensure the proper supply of water to their districts.
Declaring for the 2016 NBA draft after that season, he was selected by the Celtics with the third overall pick.
This is a list of Quaternary active, dormant/extinct volcanoes in India.
Smyth Young Field Company Building is a historic light manufacturing loft building located in the Chinatown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The space was produced by 60dB, Luk Internacional and Turnek.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1712.
Northern Trail is the fifth season of the MTV reality television series Road Rules.
It stars Robby Benson, Christopher Masterson, Harry Van Gorkum and Rona Figueroa.
Parapet Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.
Color Classics were a series of animated short movies produced by Fleischer Studios for Paramount Pictures from 1934 to 1941 as a competitor to Walt Disney's Silly Symphonies.
In March and April 2007 the band recorded their debut album, which was released in November 2007 on Angular In August 2007, guitarist Joe joined Klaxons as bass player for the summer whilst Jamie Reynolds recovered from a broken ankle.
The generation is noted for coming of age after a huge swath of their older brothers and sisters in the earlier portion of the baby boomer population had come immediately preceding them; thus, many Generation Jones members complain that there was a paucity of resources and privileges available to them that were seemingly abundant to those older boomers born earlier.
This area was chosen because the Dublin Corporation had built some three to four thousand houses for working-class families nearby.
Facilities at the picnic area also include a vault toilet.
It provides funding and directs planning for commuter rail and freeway projects within Los Angeles County.
Named for the nearby Pueblo of Jemez, the village is the site of Jemez State Monument and the headquarters of the Jemez Ranger District.
No other single from this album managed to enter the Hot 100, although all of them the Top 30 of the Billboard Dance Club Songs.
Although the concept of jolie laide recognizes that men act and women appear (as the writer John Berger once put it), it also recognizes that behind the visceral image lies an internal life.
Tibenham is a village and civil parish located in the Depwade district of South Norfolk, England.
The total height of the cathedral is 63 meters.
The scroll beneath proclaims To Dwell Together In Unity.
Sometimes programs and organizations take different names, such as Neighborhood Emergency Response Team (NERT), or Neighborhood Emergency Team (NET).
Many belief systems or religions evolved, flourished or spread in East Asia which includes Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism and Islam.
The perceived weakness of Macedonia in the aftermath of these conflicts encouraged Antiochus III the Great of the Seleucid Empire to invade mainland Greece, yet his defeat by the Romans at Thermopylae in 191 BC and Magnesia in 190 BC secured Rome's position as the leading military power in the region.
The list of shipwrecks in May 1845 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during May 1845.
The station consists of 5 platforms and has many Express/Mail trains stoppage.
It is now maintained and operated by the Cheddleton Flint Mill Industrial Heritage Trust, a registered charity under English law.
Incumbent Lieutenant Governor J. A. A. Burnquist of the Republican Party of Minnesota defeated Minnesota Democratic Party challenger Charles M. Andrist, Socialist Party of Minnesota candidate Andrew Hanson, and Prohibition Party candidate A. W. Piper.
Lyudmila Shumilova (born August 2, 1969) is a Kazakhstani modern pentathlete.
Raja Kalyan Singh Gujjar was the land lord of Kunja-Bhagawan, Roorkee, Uttrakhand, India.
Current transformers, along with voltage or potential transformers, are instrument transformers.
This gene encodes a member of the unconventional myosin protein family, which are actin-based molecular motors.
He is well known for playing the role of Bharat in Zee TV's show Banoo Main Teri Dulhann and the lead role of Samrat Singh Rathore in Doli Armaano Ki on Zee TV.
It has been granted orphan drug status in Europe.
In 2008, the NFPA listed the 1978 Holiday Inn Fire as one of only three dozen or so fires which killed 10 or more people in the United States between 1934 and 2006.
The word "Warrix" is inspired by the word "warrior" and theme of the brand involves legendary Thai warriors.
The vessel is named after Luis Piedrabuena, an Argentine mariner (later naval officer) that explored and guarded Argentine sovereignty in Patagonia.
The William Walter Mason Memorial Bridge (also known as Barron River Bridge) is a road bridge over the Barron River on the Captain Cook Highway in Stratford, Queensland, Australia.
The label continues to release garage-punk and have sparked the career of Bad Sports' member Orville Neeley's new project, OBN III's who are fast becoming a staple in the Austin garage-punk community.
2018 FIVB Volleyball Men's Challenger Cup was the inaugural edition of the FIVB Volleyball Men's Challenger Cup, a new annual men's international volleyball tournament contested by 6 national teams that acted as a qualifier for the FIVB Volleyball Men's Nations League.
Each team in the 2013 FIFA Club World Cup must name a 23-man squad (three of whom must be goalkeepers) by the FIFA deadline of 29 November 2013.
There is a continuing scholarly debate about whether the alleged fragment was real, or a musical hoax perpetrated by Giazotto, but there is no doubt about Giazotto's authorship of the remainder of the work.
It follows Tom Faunce, a veteran of the Vietnam War, in tracking down the man who claimed to be Robertson.
However, it operates with slow kinetics and may take up about 1 to 2 years to extract 50% of the desired mineral.
The band later re-recorded "Tear It Down" for the Adrenalize album.
He suffered a serious knee injury at the age of 22 years, but recovered and later played for Trikala F.C. in the Greek Gamma Ethniki and Panegialios F.C. in the Greek Beta Ethniki.
As of April 30, 2016, it has sold 561,772 copies in the United States.
The show is rated 14A for sexuality, violence, and profanity.
The Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education (BESE) is an administrative policy-making body for elementary and secondary schools in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
It merged with the School of Applied Communication on 6 July 2009 to form the RMIT School of Media and Communication.
It is thought most likely to be an impurity from synthesis and its pharmacological properties have not been established, however it has been banned in several countries.
The EP was released on June 13, 2000, and was released while Kozelek's final album with his previous band Red House Painters (the 1998 album Old Ramon, which didn't get a release until 2001) was in limbo with record label mergers.
The 2008 Arizona Republican primary took place on February 5, 2008, with 50 national delegates.
Hockley lies adjacent to the Lace Market, many well-preserved Victorian buildings.
Most pancake houses are dine-in, although most will offer carry-out as well.
The company designs and traditionally manufactures small luxury leather goods, which are sold on their website www.ettinger.co.uk and distributed internationally, especially in Japan.
The Wildcats have played in seven bowl games since this decision, giving many recent players an extra game to accumulate statistics.
Formed in 1810 the club now plays in the York & District Senior Cricket League.
The FAO Agricultural Development Assistance Mapping tool, better known as ADAM, has been developed by the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization to provide information on the resource mobilization environment for a particular country or group of countries.
The concept was later used for military tanks during World War I and for agricultural tractors and construction equipment following the war.
After their release following their acquittal, the six men were captured, on January 17, 2002, by American forces, who transferred them to Guantanamo Bay.
The Global Social Change Research Project is a project devoted to bringing a clear understanding to the general public about social change.
This technology is currently being used by both private and commercial aircraft pilots.
Nowadays, Hierosaurus is considered a nomen dubium, and a second species, H. coleii, was re-assigned to the new genus Niobrarasaurus in 1995.
By April 1913, publication had moved to Cleveland, Ohio, where it remained until March 3, 1917.
It serves as the primary hospital of Tijuana.
The last Coal Mine closed in 1962.
O'Dell is also known for having been eliminated "on the bubble" in the main event of the WSOP and it made the ESPN broadcast.
Can't Take Me Home, Missundaztood, Try This, I'm Not Dead, Funhouse, Greatest Hits...
Items included tule duck decoys, sandals, and baskets, several dating back over 2000 years.
Men's basketball was the only team-based sport in which Nigeria was represented at these Olympic Games.
The chief guest was Sarasanghachalak Dr. Mohan Bhagavath.
Candidates attending Milpark Education include employed individuals, entrepreneurs and school leavers completing tertiary education.
It was the first party to split from the BDP, which has ruled Botswana since independence in 1966.
It is considered part of South Trenton.
Eolia is a village in Pike County, Missouri, United States.
Jobbie Nooner is the last Friday in June and Jobbie Nooner Two is the second Saturday in September.
Hoffmann has described himself as "a lover of good conversation, with a soft spot for his family".
Pressure overload may affect any of the four chambers of the heart, though the term is most commonly applied to one of the two ventricles.
This is a list of the extreme points of the Netherlands, the points that are farther up, down, north, south, east or west than any other location.
The name means either "Dark Man" or "the one from the dark House", and embraces many of the famous clerics linked to Cong, many of them called Saint Dubtach.
It is used as a model organism in studies of desiccation.
Wilson started his National Hockey League career with the Montreal Canadiens in 1971.
He attended Augustana College in his hometown before enlisting in the U.S. Naval Reserve at Chicago, Illinois, 5 August 1941.
Brown is the founder and owner of Brown & Associates, a case consultant firm for law enforcement and private security litigation.
Married to the Army: Alaska is an American reality television series that follows the lives of seven military wives living in Alaska.
Short Course Worlds: 2004, 2006He brought suit against Australia's national swimming federation, Swimming Australia in 2008, in an effort to get on Australia's 2008 Olympic team.
Coleophora psychropa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
Both movies were multi-starrers and failed to do good business at the box office.
An outtake from the album, "Spy Diddley", had been featured on the band's MySpace page and was released on Fat Wreck Chords' X-Mas Bonus digital sampler.
Lost in Forever is the second studio album by the German symphonic metal band Beyond the Black.
Planinica is a village in the municipality of Pirot, Serbia.
The style has been described as "festive abuse".
Kyle John McFadzean (born 20 February 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays as a center back for League One club Burton Albion.
Ultraviolence received positive reviews from contemporary music critics, who commended its cohesion as a concept album.
The design specified a 13.5 foot (4.1 m) wingspan, standing 12 feet (3.65 m) tall on the ground in its take-off or landing configuration.
They were also used as a place of refuge by the people of Tuamasaga.
Jacques were a British alternative rock band, formed as a side project by Anthony Reynolds and Matthew Scott, singer and guitarist with Jack.
Sonja Santelises has served as the CEO of Baltimore City Public Schools (City Schools) since May 2016.
It contains only one species, Monocoptopera ecmetallescens, which is found on Ambon Island.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1296.
West was captain of England for the world cup warm-up game against France in Marseilles in August.
Dead Letters had sold around 2 million copies as of December 2004, including 130,000 in the US alone, and is currently their biggest selling album to date.
The first tiebreaker criteria is fewest runs allowed per defensive inning played in the games between the tied teams.
The Center is a historical monument in Muskegon County, and is considered one of the best theaters in Michigan, outside of Detroit.
Helms is a board member of the Cowboys Who Care Foundation.
Patrick Lachman (born March 31, 1970) is an American heavy metal guitarist and vocalist.
He is the founder and CEO of Central Java Bukalapak, the largest C2C (Consumer-to-Consumer) online marketplace in Indonesia, which focuses on empowering Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs).
Additionally, a street rod can be considered a custom.
This continued until May 22, 2014, when WRVU became an internet-only station.
Luke Payne (born October 3, 1985) is an American former basketball player and coach.
Elachista bisetella is a moth in the Elachistidae family.
The Gwere people, or Bagwere, are a Bantu ethnic group in Uganda.
The 1994 tour marked the debut of a new look, smaller live band for Thompson with multi-instrumentalist Pete Zorn and the rhythm section of Dave Mattacks and Danny Thompson (no relation) providing the backing.
On 26 November 2008, Lycos Europe announced that it was to shut down and sell its remaining assets.
D'Lo is a town in Simpson County, Mississippi, United States, along the Strong River.
The Egyptian goose has escaped or been deliberately released in to Florida, USA.
It reaches maturity in 17 days.
These technologies operate by storing (cached) copies of files on secondary memory, typically a local hard disk, so that if a file is accessed again, it can be done locally at much higher speeds than networks typically allow.
Manchete was considered one of the main magazines of its time, second only to O Cruzeiro.
The Ottawa Protocol on Combating Antisemitism is an action plan which "note and reaffirm the London Declaration on Combating Antisemitism as a template document for the fight against Antisemitism".
First pressings had a misprinted Side 2 label listing the last track as "Tears" instead of "96 Tears".
The season started on October 12, 1976, and finished on February 13, 1977.
Today the building, on its prominent hill, is still a focal point of the downtown.
He holds a joint appointment with the Department of History and the Department of Social and Cultural Analysis at New York University.
The title track received a 1998 Grammy nomination for best arrangement.
Once the main house of a large farm, it is now surrounded by residential development.
Born on 17 August 1917, he was educated at the University of Leeds and ordained after a period of study at the College of the Resurrection in 1940.
It has a population of 2,023.
He is also a one time CZW Iron Man Champion, and was the last person to hold the championship.
Skateboarding sponsorship is the commercial sponsorship of an individual or team of people who participate in skateboarding, competitions or public activities.
In recent years the Swan Valley has attracted a strong food element in the form of a chocolate factory, coffee roasters, several beekeepers, a lavender farm, olive groves, a goat farm, cheese farms, dried-fruit producers and many restaurants and cafes.
After a grease fire started in one of the first floor apartments.
Established on 21 March 2013, it offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses of medicine, surgery, dentistry, basic medical sciences and allied health sciences.
Even the odd Clubmans car appeared.
As of September 2012, Soete has taken on the position of Rector Magnificus of Maastricht University.
It should not be confused with its larger cousin, the Wayfarer (dinghy), which also sports a "W".
Available Specification or PAS is a standardization document that closely resembles a formal standard in structure and format but which has a different development model.
She earned her Ph.D. in 1996 from the University of Toronto, under the supervision of Diane Massam.
Hassi El Ghella is a municipality in northwestern Algeria.
Blackburn was described as "today's Master of Horror" by The Times Literary Supplement.
The Democratic Party held its own Iowa caucuses on the same day.
In 2003 he won the South African National Road Race Championships.
Before Hein became an actor, he was also a national judo champion and police officer.
Adipose triglyceride lipase also known as patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PNPLA2 gene.
Many prominent citizens of the surrounding area were in the association.
Saldula saltatoria is a Holarctic shore bug with a circumboreal distribution.
The University of Cambridge Chancellor election, 2011 refers to a rare instance of a contested election for this position of Chancellor that occurred in October 2011, resulting in the choice of Lord Sainsbury of Turville to succeed the retiring incumbent Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Sarhang Almas Khan (in Kurdish Serheng Elmas Xan), was a Kurdish poet from the city of Kermanshah, then under the rule of the Zand dynasty.
Kind Sergeant was being offered for sale on eBay.
Weapons, ammunition and bomb-making material were seized by security officials during the operation.
The traditional reason for convening the Third Buddhist Council is reported to have been to rid the Sangha of corruption and bogus monks who held heretical views.
Accordingly, German has more inflections than English, and uses more suffixes.
The Disney Channel produced two television film adaptations in 2005 and 2007 based on the first book, The Power of Two.
Kashi Mitra Ghat crematorium or Kashi Mitra Burning Ghat is a crematory located at Strand Bank Road, Bagbazar, Kolkata.
Michael Brunnock (born 1 September 1964) is an Irish singer-songwriter, and musician.
Turkey competed at the 2009 Summer Universiade in Belgrade, Serbia from 1 July to 12 July 2009.
Rugby union in Ukraine is a minor but growing sport, with a history dating back over six decades.
Henry's army left at the end of the summer after only a brief stay, mostly camped near Leith (near Edinburgh) where it could maintain contact with its supply fleet.
Angel is a song written by Jerry Burns and Sally Herbert sung by English singer-songwriter Sarah Brightman from her eleventh studio album, Dreamchaser.
Rand continues to return to San Francisco Zen Center facilities occasionally to hold retreats or give talks.
She is mother of Indian squash player Dipika Pallikal who is married to Indian wicket-keeper Dinesh Karthik.
Dynamic analysis of cable robots is not the same as that of other parallel robots because cables can only pull an object but they cannot push.
Jar Launcher is the program in Mac OS X that launches Java JAR files into the Aqua/Java runtime environment when the JAR file is double clicked.
SU2 supports continuous and discrete adjoint for calculating the sensitivities/gradients of a scalar field.
The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Mahesh.
A series of miniature figures based on the comic was produced by Thunderbolt Mountain in 1982 and made its debut at the 1982 Origins in Baltimore.
Ward was also the executive producer.
Bourke finished equal eighth in the 1991 Brownlow Medal and in 1993 moved to Queensland to play for Brisbane.
Epistemic democracy is the "doctrine of the wisdom of the multitude."
ACH Volley is a professional men's volleyball team, based in Ljubljana.
He is originally from the Chippewas of the Thames near St. Thomas, Ontario.
In August 1995, the same station introduced the first internet service provider in Cyprus, LOGOSNET.
It is legal in certain states to have service "animals".
It is a singular appointment, being only held by one person at any time.
The EP only took about five hours to complete, including the mixing.
Tristan Cousins (born 1 August 1982) is a British former competitive figure skater.
Tenette also competed and was a team member of the USA olympic velodrome team 2002 to 2004 as an Olympic alternate for the Athens Greece Olympics finish second place at the Olympic trials which wasn't good enough to go to Athens Greece he continued racing World Cups velodrome until 2008 and then switch back to mountain biking.
When squinted at, the cover album art reveals a skull.
Arkansas's musical heritage includes country music and various related styles like bluegrass and rockabilly.
He was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate from 1856 to 1858.
He is believed to have inherited Clun Castle from his father, Henry de Say, in the reign of Henry I. Helias held the key fortification of Clun Castle during the years of the Anarchy.
This is a special wing of the Detective Branch, will work under direct control of the Dhaka Metropolitan Police Commissioner.
The genus is sometimes spelt Lindsaya.
She plays as a defender for Turbine Potsdam and the German national team.
Peniculimius captus is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Perry Township is a township in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Osman earned two international caps for the England national team, making his debut at the age of 31.
At slow scan rates, the diffusion layer is large, on the order of micrometers, whereas at fast scan rates the diffusion layer is nanometers in thickness.
About 17 percent of the secondary-school age population was enrolled, up from an estimated 7 percent fifteen to twenty years earlier.
Motor Booty Affair is an album by funk band Parliament.
Between 1919 and 1922 he collaborated closely with Paul and John Nash producing wood engravings for the Sun Calendar Yearbook and the Poetry Bookshop.
He played college football at Alabama, where he was a member of three BCS National Championship teams in the 2009, 2011, and 2012 seasons.
Since 2014 the association has been headed by Peter Burchard.
Erigeron humilis is a perennial herb up to 25 centimeters (10 inches) tall, spreading by means of underground rhizomes.
The mine has an annual production capacity of 20 million tons of coal.
Widespread throughout central and northern Europe, this insect is best known as a pest of gooseberries.
The stories first appeared in Astounding and Unknown.
He died about 1242 or 1243.Scot may have been the father of Robert Stitchill, who was Bishop of Durham from 1260 to 1274.
Ambleside is a small sub-neighborhood of Woodroffe North in Bay Ward in the west end of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Mississippi Brilla goalkeeper Josh Pantazelos enjoyed the best goalkeeping statistics, with a goals against average of 0.615 on the season, including 8 shutouts.
Ask thy soul if we should part!
In Sufism Hu or Huwa is the pronoun used with Allah or God, and is used as a name of God.
The One was released May 5, 2017 via Alacob Music.
Only the tokenization system can tokenize data to create tokens, or detokenize back to redeem sensitive data under strict security controls.
In June 1986 he was appointed as Chief Justice of the Bombay High Court.
The typically small craft operated by the Section provided the RAAF with an air-sea rescue service, transported stores and provided support for seaplanes.
Haroon Siddiqui, CM OOnt is an Indo-Canadian newspaper journalist, columnist and a former editor.
Sienna Cammeniti is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbors, played by model Erin McNaught.
His stage name was inspired by the character Blaze Fielding from the Streets of Rage video game series.
The RNLI provides a lifeboat service to boats on the River Thames, including the regular commuter and leisure services managed by London River Services, part of Transport for London.
The Mount Royal College Cougars were a junior "A" ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League (AJHL) based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Barbeau Abbey (French: Abbaye de Barbeau or Abbaye Notre-Dame de Barbeau; Latin: Barbelum, Sequanae portus, or Sacer portus) is a former Cistercian monastery in Fontaine-le-Port in the French department of Seine-et-Marne.
They have been pursuing a deer all afternoon, like the Irish mythological hero Fionn mac Cumhail, in a forest outside Cardiff, but arrive in the evening in the haunted Inglewood Forest, near Carlisle, in the north of England, a distance of about three hundred miles.
WISC-TV, virtual channel 3 (UHF digital channel 50), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Madison, Wisconsin, United States.
Tartu Jalgpalliklubi Welco is a semi-professional football club based in Tartu, Estonia.
It was a one-off car, primarily driven by Alain Prost.
For the sixth time a third-tier series was run, the Kumho Tires V8 Touring Car Series.
Handy was a small settlement in Bloom Township, Osborne County, Kansas, United States.
A regular diatonic tuning is any musical scale consisting of "tones" (T) and "semitones" (S) arranged in any rotation of the sequence TTSTTTS which adds up to the octave with all the T's being the same size and all the S's the being the same size, with the 'S's being smaller than the 'T's.
He was awarded the 2012 Badminton Denmark Comet of the Year.
Daddy Was a Number Runner is the first novel by Louise Meriwether.
The bell from Pearl Street Market's tower now hangs in Findlay Market.
A big increase in the number of mills began in the 1780s, when the frame knitting industry was decimated by the advent of Richard Arkwright's water-powered spinning frame.
For this reason, in photography a portrait is generally not a snapshot, but a composed image of a person in a still position.
Glipidiomorpha rhodesiensis is a species of beetle in the Glipidiomorpha genus of the Mordellidae family.
The Light in the Forest is a 1958 film based on a novel of the same name first published in 1953 by U.S. author Conrad Richter.
They were suitable as varnish and adhesive.
He is married and lived in Boston, and worked in Brussels.
The album is compiled from various sources: studio out-takes from 1982; live recordings from 1982's Choose Your Masques tour; studio out-takes from 1987.
Brosky also played as a semi-pro football player while playing college football, until then-Panthers coach Johnny Majors found out and ended Brosky's moonlighting.
The band changed its name to The Empty Pockets following the addition of Erika Brett to its lineup.
Robert Jerome "Bobby" Borchers (born June 19, 1952 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American country music singer.
From 2006 till 2009 he played for Grasshopper Club Zurich II in the 1.
She has served as an artist-in-residence at the Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art.
Ekpukhon received a suspension from March 2008 to March 2010.
Pecan scab is the most economically significant disease of pecan (Carya illinoinensis) in the southeastern United States.
The bank is engaged in commercial banking and related services as defined in the Banking companies ordinance, 1962.
He was instrumental in transforming the ensemble jubilee quartet style of the 30s into the lead-focused hard gospel style of the 40s and 50s.
It is the terminus of the Royal National Park railway line, formerly part of the Sydney commuter rail network and now operated by the Sydney Tramway Museum.
The song peaked at #80 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2001.
The islands Vlieland, Richel, Griend, Terschelling, Ameland, Rif, Engelsmanplaat, and Schiermonnikoog are part of the province of Friesland.
He covered the Atlanta Thrashers for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, and rural gardens.
Voyage into the Unknown is a game released by Mastertronic for the ZX Spectrum in 1984 written by Amoeba Software.
The festival presents many categories of solo shows, including storytelling, puppetry, dance, multimedia, improvisations, stand-up, magic, drama, and comedy.
Dalbec then approached Aaron Bedard (who had previously sung for the Worcester, Massachusetts hardcore band Backbone) about singing for Bane.
Sun Records was established in 1952 in Memphis, Tennessee, and during an eight-year period Sun Records signed such artists as Roy Orbison, B.B. King, Howlin' Wolf, Ike Turner, Rufus Thomas, Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins, Harold Jenkins, and Charlie Rich.
The album features the Grammy Award-winning single "Alley Cat", and was a charting album in 1962-63.The title song is used as a recurring gag on the short-lived 1990 TV show Get a Life.
In 2009, Waller was inducted into the SGMA Hall of Fame.
Fearing a loss if it appealed, and the subsequent implications of the unconscionability decision across all its other contracts, Paramount settled for $900,000.
Changes in the catch per unit effort are inferred to signify changes to the target species' true abundance.
He lost his assembly seat in 2003 and his council seat in 2005.
In September 2010, King left the presenting team to pursue other projects.
During his career he played for FC Copenhagen, B 1903 and most notably Coventry City in the FA Premier League.
In 1993, the tale was adapted to animation and telecast as an episode of the BBC series, The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends.
Iva Valley is a locality located in the Nigerian city of Enugu in Enugu State.
LyreBird Tales of Helpmann has been performed at the Sydney Opera House (Sydney Theater Company), the City of London Festival, venues in the UK, and the 1999 and 2001 Edinburgh Festival.
Godstow Lock is a lock on the River Thames in Oxfordshire, England.
Poloncarz, a Democrat, was elected county executive on November 8, 2011 after defeating the incumbent county executive Chris Collins a Republican by a 53 - 47 percentage point margin.
The house was divided into apartments in the 1980s.
She was re-elected to her council seat in 1985, but stood down in 1989.
Aangna is a village development committee in Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal.
The number of national daily newspapers in Greece was 68 in 1950, and it increased to 156 in 1965.
The cockpit was located in the nose of the fuselage, and was mounted forward of the delta wing, which featured downturned wing tips.
PFNs are used to produce precise nanosecond-length pulses of electricity to power devices such as klystron or magnetron tube oscillators in radar sets, pulsed lasers, particle accelerators, flashtubes, and high voltage utility test equipment.
The machinery went to the Thompson Sherlock and the hull was used as a wharfboat at Lake Providence, Louisiana, with the upper work still intact until a gale blew off the cabin in August 1865.
Saint-Martin-de-Juillers is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
It starred William Franklyn as suave secret agent Peter Dallas, over a total of 26 black-and-white episodes, each filling a 60 minutes slot.
In host tissue it is found as a yeast.
On 1 April 1974, under the provisions of the Local Government Act 1972, the title of Sheriff of Suffolk was retitled High Sheriff of Suffolk.
The facilities were listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1976, a time when the region was part of the US-administered Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands.
The mission of the foundation is to foster development of the D community and is responsible for various processes within the D community, including developing the D programming language, managing intellectual rights, and raising funds.
The head contains many golden yellow disk florets and generally either 8 or 13 narrow yellow ray florets each measuring 1 to 2 centimeters long.
The name is an acronym of "GAlaxies with Dark matter and Gas intEracT".
The Music, Vol. 1 is the official soundtrack for the American reality film Jackass: The Movie.
Translations into French, German and Portuguese have also appeared.
Dark Web (stylized DARK WEB) is a studio album by American producer Keith Rankin, known by his stage name Giant Claw, released in September 2014 worldwide by the labels Orange Milk Records, Noumenal Loom, and in Japan by Virgin Babylon.
Lachnomyrmex lattkei is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Glenn earned a 2010 All-American selection and was considered one of the best offensive guards of his class by NFLdraftscout.com.
Rempel is a member of the Conservative Party and served as the Minister of State responsible for Western Economic Diversification Canada.
There are about 141 genera of orchids representing about 1,100 species of orchids 900 of which that is described are endemic to the Philippines.
He is also a member of the Suicidal Tendencies funk metal side project Infectious Grooves.
Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace is a 1999 book by Lawrence Lessig on the structure and nature of regulation of the Internet.
Batman & Robin tells the story of the titular characters as they attempt to prevent Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from freezing all mankind to death and repopulating the earth with mutant plants, while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together.
Within days of Katrina's August 29, 2005 landfall, public debate arose about the local, state and federal governments' role in the preparations for and response to the storm.
Featuring Francesco Quinn, Martin Halacy, and Kirsten Berman, it was released in the United States on 31 January 1998 and won Best Film at the New York Independent Film Festival in 1998.
Slovakia competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
"Rayos de sol" became a big hit in Spain reaching #2 in the Spanish Singles Chart, and then became an international hit for them in Europe and internationally with chart appearances notably in France and Switzerland.
Other names it was given include "Bahia Nighthawk" and "Caatinga Nighthawk" although not completely inappropriate due to the fact that they are not only found specifically in those areas.
Mudeka is a Zimbabwean-British musician, business executive and music festival organizer.
Bombay Sweets is an Indian sweet manufacturer and eatery based in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu.
Acclaim, who published the console versions of the game, developed a follow-up, WWF in Your House for the PlayStation, Sega Saturn, and MS-DOS.
Cochin Herald is an Indian business magazine.
Cover art was a text layout similar to other early albums on Prestige.
The present house is the enlargement of a previous smaller residence dating to c.1890.
The album's success enabled the duet to sign a contract with West Side Latino records, and leave Alegre Records.
It includes the singles "The One in the Middle", a Top 40 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and "He Hates Me", which peaked at number 47.
Interval training can refer to the organization of any cardiovascular workout (e.g., cycling, running, rowing).
My Apocalypse' out here on the road but felt like it could use something extra.
Meetings with a Young Poet is a Canadian film that premiered at the 2013 International Film Festival of India.
Homoarchy is "the relation of elements to one another when they are rigidly ranked one way only, and thus possess no (or not more than very limited) potential for being unranked or ranked in another or a number of different ways at least without cardinal reshaping of the whole socio-political order."
One of the best-known species is the sea squill, Drimia maritima (formerly Urginea maritima).
An allergoid is a protein that has been modified for use in desensitization protocols, or for induction of oral/sublingual tolerance.
For a long time thereafter such coins were also called "unciales" because their actual silver weight was very nearly one ounce.
Richart Elliott Slusher (born 1938) is a regents researcher and a principal research scientist at the Georgia Tech Research Institute, and the director of the Georgia Tech Quantum Institute.
The film explores Cairo's chaotic traffic and illustrates the ways in which individuals navigate its hectic roads, unspoken rules, and 14 million vehicles.
The section from Leongatha to Toora, and a portion of the former line at Koo Wee Rup, have been converted into the Great Southern Rail Trail.
The standard author abbreviation Mathias is used to indicate this person as the author when citing a botanical name.
Manilla Express is a bi-weekly English language newspaper published in Manilla, New South Wales, Australia.
The Journal of Studies on Alcohol and Drugs (JSAD) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research articles on various aspects of the use and misuse of alcohol and other drugs.
The term is often used in contrast to declarative programming, which focuses on what the program should accomplish without specifying how the program should achieve the result.
The following year Justinian sent his general Narses with a force of 35,000 Lombards, Gepids and Heruli to Italy in a march around the Adriatic to approach Ravenna from the north.
The Racine Scouts, nicknamed the "Chrome Domes", is the oldest continuously active junior drum and bugle corps in North America.
On January 3, 2017, it was announced Kelly would be leaving the network to move over to NBC News.
HMS Impulsive was an I-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy during the 1930s.
Patty Stolzenbach (born 13 November 1989) is a Dutch female badminton player.
Digital Envoy, Inc., part of Dominion Enterprises, a media and information services company, is the parent company of Digital Element and Digital Resolve, whose primary product is NetAcuity IP location service.
Andy Denzler (born 3 August 1965 in Zurich) is a Swiss artist.
Maurice Moucheraud (born 28 July 1933) is a former road racing cyclist from France, who won the gold medal in the men's team road race at the 1956 Summer Olympics, alongside Arnaud Geyre and Michel Vermeulin.
The film also describes how the community works and plays together including the annual New Year's party "Ice Stock".
Eilema goniophoroides is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.
Service was later extended from Flagstaff to Winslow, AZ.
Springville has the nickname of "Art City" or "Hobble Creek".
Haplotichnus is an ichnogenus of invertebrate trace fossil that was erected by S.A. Miller in 1889.
Female characters are likely to experience sexual violence, particularly in the rape-and-revenge subgenre.
The service module is the equivalent to the spacecraft bus assembly on unmanned spacecraft.
The school has three campuses: the main academic campus in north-central Phoenix at Central Avenue and Camelback Road, a retreat campus called Manresa near Sedona, and the new Brophy Sports Campus east of the academic campus in Phoenix and adjacent to the campus of Xavier College Preparatory.
They support three senior XVs, under 18s, under 16s, under 15s, S2s and S1s, as well as a large mini rugby section for players of primary school age.
It is intended to modernize customs procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2016.
Robert Louis Gibson (born June 19, 1957) is an American former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1983-1987 for the Milwaukee Brewers and New York Mets.
Catherine Sampson is a British writer of crime/thriller fiction.
Ultrasound-guided lumbar puncture was first described in Russian medical literature in 1971.
In the remaining 57% of the state, President George W. Bush won 54.6% (1,749,203 votes) to 45.3% (1,452,265 votes).
It will consist of six issues.
It is produced exclusively for Foxtel by Beyond Productions.
It is published by the American Society for Microbiology (ASM) and the editor in chief is Thomas J. Silhavy.
It is defined as part of the Pittsburgh media market.
Kenneth Alan "Ken" Parish (born 20 September 1953) is a former Australian politician.
Currently, he is a goalie manager with the FC Dnipro.
Parktown North is a popular dining out venue for Johannesburg residents.
Eulophonotus elegans is a moth in the Cossidae family.
Jogja National Museum (JNM) is a contemporary art museum in Yogyakarta, Indonesia.
The organ parts were recorded using the organ at St. George's church in Brede, East Sussex.
C.R.A.C is an acronym standing for "Collect Respect Anna Check".
The vessel has a cost framework of NOK 1.5 billion.
Pat Sanders (born, Neepawa, Manitoba) is a Canadian curler and world champion.
Cathepsin L has been reported in many organisms including fish, birds, mammals, and sponges.
The Krewe of Cleopatra is named after the Egyptian Queen of the Nile, Cleopatra.
It is distantly related to the BTB/POZ domain Pfam PF00651.
DeCherney earned a B.A. from Muhlenberg College and an M.D. from Temple University.
The "message", should it be present, is often placed in the lowest 24 bits of the ECB, and which is otherwise unused.
With the release of issue 7 in 2009, an online database, which allows the electronic completion of CMID reports and manages storage and access of these inspections was released by IMCA.
An ASN can provide a list of all of the barcoded ID numbers of the shipping units and the contents of each.
The station is owned by locally based Griffin Communications, as part of a duopoly with CBS affiliate and company flagship KWTV-DT (channel 9).
The song was written by Boy George, after Charlotte Church went to his musical Taboo and was impressed by his musical score.
Recorded in 1997 and released in 1999 the album features performances by Murray with Fontella Bass, Leopoldo F. Fleming, Stanley Franks, Clarence 'Pookie' Jenkins, Ranzell Merritt, Jimane Nelson, and Hugh Ragin.
Felicia Rice (born 1954) is an American book artist, typographer, letterpress printer, fine art publisher, and educator.
Felicity Wishes is a British children's book series created, written, illustrated and privately owned by the Character Brand Creator Emma Thomson (not to be confused with the British actress of a similar name) .
The town was completely abandoned by 1920, as flooding had destroyed much of the townsite.
Nymphs are active during the summer and in the tropics the bug can achieve three to six generations a year.
The orchid nothobranch (Nothobranchius eggersi) is a species of fish in the family Aplocheilidae.
Pacific Dawn is a cruise ship owned by Carnival Corporation and operated by P&O Cruises Australia.
Orient Islamic School is an independent Muslim school situated in Greyville, Durban, South Africa.
However, the charges were dropped in March 2008.
The first recombinant DNA molecule was made by Paul Berg in 1972 by combining DNA from the monkey virus SV40 with the lambda virus.
The Authority states that under the Planning and Development Act 2007, it is required to: administer the Territory Plan; continually assess the Territory Plan and propose amendments as necessary; plan and regulate the development of land; advise on planning and land policy, including the broad spatial planning framework for the ACT; implement sustainable transport planning; maintain the digital cadastral database; make available land information; grant, administer, vary and end leases on behalf of the Executive; grant licenses over unleased Territory land; decide applications for approval to undertake development; regulate the building industry; make orders under the ACT Land (Planning and Environment) Act 1991, part 6 (approvals and orders); provide planning services, including services to entities outside the ACT; review its own decisions; provide administrative support and facilities for the Planning and Land Council; ensure community consultation and participation in planning decisions; and promote public education and understanding of the planning process, including by providing easily accessible public information and documentation on planning and land use.
Forty-two sport shooters from ten nations competed.
Asterolasia hexapetala is a shrub in the family Rutaceae.
As a result of Mechelen being refused a Belgian professional football license after going into liquidation later that season, the contract of Claes was annulled, causing him to be a free player after his loan spell at OH Leuven.
Codex is based out of London, UK, with offices in Los Angeles, CA, and Wellington, NZ.
Today, the majority of the Cubi works are part of well-known museum collections around the world, including the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the Tate Modern in London and the Art Institute of Chicago.
The house has a wealth of oak beams and exposed stonework.
Indian Chief left New York on 21 April 1800 and was at Hamburg on 13 June.
He won two continental titles with the men's national squad (1995 and 1997) during his career.
KTZU began transmission in April 2005, and broadcasts The Bob and Tom Show during the mornings.
Voyage of Life is a series of paintings created by Thomas Cole in 1842, representing an allegory of the four stages of human life: childhood, youth, manhood, and old age.
Shipwright is a specialist ship-modeling annual published by Conway Publishing.
It was written by Frank Clarke and directed by Chris Bernard.
This derives from sedere, Latin for "to sit".
Its primary function in humans is the development and maintenance of the immune system.
The Fabulous Hurricanes (formerly The Hurricanes) are a rhythm & blues group originally from Edinburgh, now based in London.
A Strangely Isolated Place is the second album by German electronic musician Ulrich Schnauss, released in 2003.
They are therefore used in medicine to treat diseases caused by an overactive immune system, such as allergies, asthma, autoimmune diseases, and sepsis.
The works represent a transition between the first and second periods of the composer's style.
With its circulation intact and still a tropical storm, Kathleen headed north into the United States and affected California and Arizona.
Colorhythm is the seventh album by Hitomi Yaida, released on 5 March 2008.
It has also been known as the Old Moody County Courthouse.
1978 Virginia Slims of Seattle was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Seattle Center Arena in Seattle, Washington in the United States that was part of the 1978 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.
This then causes the elongation of polypeptides to cease.
2004 ATS Formel 3 Cup was a multi-event motor racing championship for single-seat open wheel formula racing cars that held across Europe.
Douglas Christopher Judge (born October 13, 1964) is an American actor best known for playing Teal'c in the Canadian-American military science fiction television series Stargate SG-1.
In addition to this, the use of soloists allowed the text to be expressed more clearly.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Riley County, Kansas.
He currently serves as the Secretary General of the Union of South American Nations (UNASUR).
The store had a longstanding policy of only carrying books that at least one of the owners or employees had personally read, in order to ensure that the store's values were reflected in its selection of titles.
Alva Romanus Baptiste is a Saint Lucian politician who represents the constituency of Laborie for the Saint Lucia Labor Party.
In January 1866, he was transferred from Mountjoy Prison, Dublin to Pentonville Prison, London where the conditions were very harsh.
He was successful, and was sworn into office on January 3, 1983.
Lex loci protectionis is generally accepted as the prevailing choice of law rule for IP rights, at least as concerns the existence, validity, scope and duration of the rights.
Blakea glandulosa is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family.
It served as the lead single from their sixth studio album Youth.
From the Diary of Sally Hemings is a song cycle for voice and piano.
The tour took an organic and intimate approach, excluding the elaborate theatrics and pyrotechnics her concerts have become infamous for, focusing on her musicality and choreography.
Nickert was the head football coach at Kalamazoo for one season in 2004.
Hannes Stockinger (born May 8, 1955) is an Austrian scientist, university professor and since 2010 Head of the Center for Pathophysiology, Infectiology and Immunology and the Institute for Hygiene and Applied Immunology at the Medical University of Vienna.
Muchukunnu is a small village five kilometers away from Koyilandy on the Malabar Coast of south-western India.
The former government of Nikita Khrushchev was dissolved following the Soviet election of 1962.
While the English-speaking could not always understand his words, Jang Sa Ik conveyed a multitude of emotions through his music, and the audience response was strong.
The population was 2,156 at the 2010 census, a 78 percent increase from 1,210 at the 2000 census.
Culham Court is a Grade II listed house in Culham, Oxfordshire, England.
On December 15, 2010 a plane crashed in the forest of Bilandu, near the village of Shreechaur in the adjacent VDC.
As a musician, Ostermann was a cellist, bassist, singer, and trumpeter in the classical/hip-hop band Einshoch6.
Wyldfyer has been featured in XXL for his work with Ludacris, Nas and Jay-Z as well as countless websites such as illroots, RapGenius, iStandardProducers, Nodfactor, Hiphopgame and many more.
As "Blue Cheer", the brand also gave its name to a variety of LSD produced by San Francisco chemist Owsley Stanley, and the band Blue Cheer was most likely named after the variety of LSD.
Johanne is a common French female given name.
The Bactritida are a small order of more or less straight-shelled (orthoconic) cephalopods that first appeared during the Emsian stage of the Devonian period (407 million years ago) with questionable origins in Pragian stage before 409 million years ago, and persisted until Carnian pluvial event in the upper middle Carnian stage of the Triassic period (231 million years ago).
Directed by Kannada movie director Mahesh Babu the movie released on 18 August 2016.
It involved a matter in which the defendant had committed a trespass to land of his neighbor by tunneling under the plaintiffs' land and mining coal from it.
The musical had a script by David Cerda with music and lyrics by Cerda, Scott Lamberty and Taylor E. Ross.
Svendsen (born April 11, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Rockford Icehogs in the American Hockey League.
These had been adapted from the Toonerville Trolley comic strip, which contained a character named Mickey McGuire.
The guinea pigs are then a short while later exposed to a lower concentration of the test material, and their allergic reaction, if any, measured.
On October 17, 1986, President Ronald Reagan signed into law the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA).
Morsbach is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Hedenstroemia is an extinct genus of cephalopods in the ammonoid order Ceratitida.
Morley was of Saxham, Suffolk.
The area now known as Islington was part of the larger manor of Tolentone, which is mentioned in the Domesday Book.
The Construction Products Association (CPA) is UK-based construction industry trade association, representing UK manufacturers and suppliers of construction products as well as over 40 sector trade associations representing around 30,000 companies across product manufacturing.
CDRI is among the thirty nine laboratories that are functioning under the aegis of the council of scientific and Industrial Research CSIR of India.
Although KXPR does have a HD Radio channel, it has yet to sign on a HD2 or HD3 subcarrier.
Currently, the organization is made up of more than 29,000 members serving over 650 patrols.
Under his leadership, Antipolo City experienced an all-time high in tax revenues, the lowest unemployment rate in decades, a substantial improvement in healthcare services and a progressive and comprehensive relocation and housing program for the needy.
Despite focusing on health, the party has a range of policies in areas such as the economy, housing and education.
Such proteins include splicing activators that promote the usage of a particular splice site, and splicing repressors that reduce the usage of a particular site.
He was named as a full-forward in the 1985 GAA All Stars team and represented Ireland in the 1987 International Rules series.
The soundtrack and film score were composed by Madhukar Anand.
In 2012, she won a Golden Globe Award and received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress for playing a CIA agent in the thriller Zero Dark Thirty.
The Donghe Group is a Mesozoic geologic formation in China.
The league is a major country league.
It was the 5th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix and of Category 5 of the 1989 WTA Tour.
Godi was the first MP to cross the floor during the window period.
There was a Christmas Special, Smith And Goody On Ice, which largely abandoned the educational book-led format in favor of a bunch of sketches and running about.
John Boardman describes him as a thoughtful but sometimes inprecise artist.
Priory was a convent of canonesses of the Premonstratensian Order located near to the village of Broadholme.
The story follows a man who wakes up and gets a call telling him to go to work, and it follows branching paths.
His co-star, Russell Crowe, one-upped him several years later for playing a schizophrenic.
The song was used as the theme song for the Japanese drama Boss, alongside a then untitled song the band performed as the opening theme.
The song was accepted by the university in 1901.
Both the film and the web series were adapted from the 1872 gothic novella Carmilla by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu.
Currently around 10% of the country is controlled by radical rebel groups and around 6% is held by ISIL.
It lies about 20 km north of Taralga and about 80 km south Oberon on the road from Goulburn to Oberon and Bathurst.
Originally devised for use on cricket pitches, it is now used at a wide range of sporting venues including golf putting greens, football grounds, American football stadiums, and at gaelic football stadiums where it has proved very successful.
The Chief was a supporter of the unwelcomed Colonial British presence in Kenya and was shot in his car; at his funeral, Governor Evelyn Baring called him "a great man, a great African and a great citizen of Kenya, who met his death in the service of his own people and his Government."
It is a spin-off of Bootsie and Snudge, itself a spin-off of The Army Game and starred Alfie Bass and Bill Fraser as the main characters.
Michael Robert Booker (born 16 April 1937) is a British former figure skater who competed in men's singles.
It was discontinued after the 2011 festival.
Algia fasciata is a species of brush-footed butterfly found in Asia.
Moore received the Cole Award of the Biophysical Society in 1981.
According to later Greek mythology, Leda bore Helen and Polydeuces, children of Zeus, while at the same time bearing Castor and Clytemnestra, children of her husband Tyndareus, the King of Sparta.
James Baird (born 25 May 1983) is a Scottish football goalkeeper who has been playing professionally for several years.
It was founded on 17 May 1887.
Bruenor is the adoptive father of a human female named Catti-brie and of the Barbarian Wulfgar.
Genital ulcers are not strictly a sign of an STD.
Vomer flap surgery was used prior to 1975 as a surgical treatment for children with cleft palate.
On 13 September, the town of Frampol with a population of 4,000 was bombed by the German bombers of Luftwaffe's 8th Air Corps, under General Wolfram Freiherr von Richthofen.
A second change of name, this time to Bristol City was approved by the FA Women's Football Board in time for the 2016 WSL season.
It is the closest station to Ansan Wa~ Stadium.
Cuddington Heath is a village and (as Cuddington) a civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
The next single release was "Start of Something".
The Return of Jack Slade is a 1955 American western film directed by Harold D. Schuster.
He was the first Governor of the Cape Colony and sat in the House of Lords as an Irish Representative Peer from 1804 to 1839.
In 1992, she became the third female to earn the FIDE title of Grandmaster (GM) through conventional tournament play (fifth woman overall).
She is an Honorary Fellow of Sidney Sussex College,Cambridge.
He has also represented Argentina.
Union troops partially destroyed the mill in 1863, in an attempt to disrupt Confederate Army supplies, and in retaliation to the loyalties of the mill owner.
SpongeBob SquarePants features the voices of Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Mr. Lawrence, Jill Talley, Carolyn Lawrence, Mary Jo Catlett and Lori Alan.
It is related to the Latin American game Generala, the English game of Poker Dice, Cheerio.
In 1975, she was promoted to Associate Professor before leaving the University of Chicago in 1977.
The shrine was de-sanctified by the Diocese of St. Augustine in the 1960s, and most of the shrine was removed to prevent vandalism.
The different color of the central peak likely indicates rocks with different chemical composition from those on the neighboring surface.
For some persons in those industries, it refers to any number of activities that occur between the moment an initial idea for a product is articulated and the moment production is complete.
The large psammodromus (Psammodromus algirus) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
St. Joseph High School is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and approved by the Illinois State Board of Education.
The historic building retains an operating post office on the ground level with apartments on upper floors.
In order to bring RLX's blade server to market they recruited the then-recently retired executive team from the systems division of former Compaq Computer Corporation.
Wired FM is a student radio station in Limerick city, Ireland, licensed by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland to serve the student population of Limerick City.
Mark Douglas Havey from the Old Dominion University, was awarded the status of Fellow in the American Physical Society, after they were nominated by their Division of Atomic, Molecular & Optical Physics in 1998, for development and explication of novel one- and two-photon spectroscopies of bound and dissociative electronic states of diatomic molecules; also for development of precision atomic two-photon polarization spectroscopy for determination of atomic matrix elements and novel sum rule.
The year 1847 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
It remains mostly as it was originally built save for some changes to the interior.
His influences include Extol, Living Sacrifice, and Mortification among others.
Chakraborty is best remembered for his role as Jimmy in the 1982 all-time-blockbuster movie Disco Dancer, which was a superhit in India and also in many other countries, especially the Soviet Union and Russia.
Tilapia baloni is a species of Cichlid native to the Congo River.
She represented her country at the 2010 and 2018 Commonwealth Games.
The product is made of a polymer which changes texture - soft in hot water, hard in cold water.
There are distinct apical spots on sternites three to five and a pale basal patch.
Attitude (often stylised as attitude) is a British gay lifestyle magazine owned by Stream Publishing Limited.
In those countries, tenure is granted only to professors and teachers who prove to be exceptionally productive in their careers.
Connecticut v. Doehr, 501 U.S. 1 (1991), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that a state statute authorizing prejudgment attachment of a defendant's real property upon the filing of an action, without prior notice or hearing, without a showing of extraordinary circumstances, and without a requirement that the plaintiff post a bond, violates the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
It is only known from near the Arrowsmith River north of Eneabba.
The denomination 527 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Velu Prabhakaran is an Indian filmmaker, cinematographer and actor.
The first memory modules were proprietary designs that were specific to a model of computer from a specific manufacturer.
The Institute of Food Technologists defines food science as "the discipline in which the engineering, biological, and physical sciences are used to study the nature of foods, the causes of deterioration, the principles underlying food processing, and the improvement of foods for the consuming public".
James Burrell Jordan (born December 31, 1949) is an American Protestant theologian and author.
Thakhek is a district (muang) of Khammouane Province in mid Laos.
Hurleston Junction (grid reference SJ625553) is the name of the canal junction where the Llangollen Canal terminates and meets the Shropshire Union Canal main line at Hurleston, Cheshire, England.
With the help of some lay leaders he established around 52 communities in the UK for the Syro-Malabar Church.
The Association of British Secretaries in America (ABSA) was a New York-based organization of the 1960s and 1970s consisting of secretaries from the United Kingdom who had come to the United States to work and live.
The Madagascar Penguins in a Christmas Caper is a computer-animated short produced by DreamWorks Animation.
"Get Buck in Here" was certified Gold by the RIAA in April 2008.
The terms "statutory college" and "contract college" derive from the fact that each of these dually affiliated colleges or schools is operated independently from the state pursuant to statute or under contract with the state.
The House of Antelminelli was a noble family from Lucca.
The station is owned by Newberry Broadcasting, Inc. and runs ESPN Radio sports programming.
The Sanctum measures 1.5 square m which is 2 m below the present ground level.
Nealcidion furciferum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The MONA or Hodges number for Eupsilia fringata is 9938.
Father Fitzgerald is the 28th president of the University of San Francisco.
This complete line production company has successfully handled line production of Hollywood, Bollywood and Pollywood movies such as West is West, Teen Thay Bhai, Mausam, Love Express, Student of the Year, Surkhaab, Sikander, Stupid Seven, and Yamley Jatt Yamley.
It is located mostly within Lower Salford Township and also in Franconia Township.
It was described by Steven in 1817.
For five seasons the MAAC named players to three all-conference teams (First Team, Second Team and Rookie Team) and bestowed six of seven individual awards at the conclusion of the regular season.
In 1976 the governments of Hammer DeRoburt and Gerald Ford established diplomatic relations, Nauru has no embassy in Washington, DC, but has a mission next the United Nations Headquarters in New York City.
Surrounding the boating lake is a woodland area, including a protected area for wildlife.
Filicollis anatis is an endoparasite in the Polymorphidae family of thorny-headed worms.
The official result can be obtained through official results and electoral divisions in 1984 General Elections of Singapore.
Person-centered thinking is a set of values, skills and tools used in Person Centered Planning and in the personalisation of services used by people who need supports provided by social or health care.
He also starred in a guitar themed web show entitled "Guitarings".
The album is their first release through Rise Records after parting ways with Vagrant Records in 2009.
On June 11, 1906 Mayor Forsythe, city officials, and prominent Monroe residents made the first official run of the Monroe Municipal Street Railway.
It stands on the same site where the Lenoir family has operated a general store since before 1808 and "is the oldest business establishment in Sumter County".
Jay Dohnt (born 20 November 1989 in Adelaide, South Australia) is a Paralympic swimming competitor from Australia.
The State Superintendent, in addition to serving as chair of the Board, serves as the chief executive officer of the Department and is elected by the voters of Oklahoma every four years.
The novel was a finalist for the Faulkner-Wisdom Prize and the runner up for Killer Nashville's Claymore Award.
Metcalf (born 6 April 1993) is a Scottish former footballer who played for Dumbarton, as a midfielder.
It is on U.S. Highway 19 near the Cross Florida Greenway.
The inaugural event played as the Bakersfield Open in 1961.
Studies in floral biology can have applications since pollination and fruit set are key factors that affect yield in all crop plants.
In September 2015, the parent company OTE announced they are to adopt the COSMOTE brand as their a uniform commercial brand covering fixed, broadband and mobile telephony.
Peniel Chapel (Welsh: Capel Peniel) is a former Calvinistic Methodist chapel in Tremadog, Gwynedd.
The wind farm was developed by Atlantic Renewable Energy and constructed by NextEra Energy Resources.
In November 2013, they had co-headliners Baron Vaughn and Ben Kronberg from the USA.
Failing to meet the popularity of her previous singles, "Well, Well, Well" peaked at number 41 on the UK Singles Chart and number 37 on the European Hot 100 Singles chart.
Along with several other lights in Maine, the growth of trees around the light has made its future problematic.
The line was aimed primarily at preschool-age children, and the character likenesses used were often altered to seem "cuter" and more childlike (and child-friendly); most characters were depicted as wide-eyed and smiling, even supervillains and characters better known for anger or savagery, such as the Incredible Hulk or Wolverine.
In February 2015, the 78-year-old Hyland announced he would not seek reelection to the Board of Supervisors, and would retire at the end of the year.
1977 was the second year of the National Provincial Championship, Canterbury were the winners of Division 1, thus claiming the title of National Champions.
Miss Uruguay is a national beauty pageant in Uruguay.
Futsal in Australia is governed by the Football Federation Australia and its state based futsal associations.
According to the records 214 different persons helped pay for the church.
The temple is also known by other name like Chinna Tirupati meaning Small Tirupati.
This is a list of Nationalliga A seasons since the inception of the league.
Gurudwara Khalsa Sabha also known as Khalsa Sabha, Matunga is a Gurudwara in Matunga Road, Mumbai.
West Virginia Mountaineers football team began play on September 1, 2007.
The team posted a number of high-profile wins in the early years, progressing to the playoffs in their first three years and losing their only Bowl appearance by a score of 29-28 to the Oxford Saints.
With the demise of the lead mining industry and in particular the closure of Cwm Rheidol mine, the population dwindled rapidly with the last ancestral population disappearing in the 1970s.
However, although it is part of the series.
Musically, the song features a propulsive blast of power chords, drum beats, and sneering vocals, as well as choruses and hooks similar to Bon Jovi's previous material.
Radiohead guitarist Ed O'Brien hailed the UK edition of Greatest Hits as "impeccable" and "absolutely genius", while British journalist Brian Viner called it the greatest album of all time.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1077.
It was reattributed to Correggio by Corrado Ricci in 1930 and that attribution was accepted by Roberto Longhi in 1958 and Arturo Carlo Quintavalle in 1970.
Unfortunately for Jamestown, after much debate, the route chosen by the railroad bypassed Jamestown by 35 miles in favor of Salamanca, Dayton and Dunkirk.
Similarly, many governments around the world believe they need to use violence in order to intimidate their populace into acquiescence.
The Braunton Canal is a cut made to straighten the course of the upper section of the River Caen, known as Braunton Pill, and to provide a new quay for the village of Braunton in North Devon, England.
Since her first solo album in 1995 she has released nine albums, a singles collection and a live DVD.
Testing these procedures to achieve an installed software system that may be used is known as installation testing.
It was directed by Robert Day and written by Larry Cohen.
In 2014 the annual turnover was $560 million USD, and the company currently has more than 1,000 employees, and in the recent round of funding, the post money valuation of Mogujie is more than $1 billion.
Luke Quinlivan (born 20 August 1985 in Perth) is an Australian water polo player who plays as a goalkeeper.
Arakkuparamba was once famous for mining iron ore.
Watson's debut album titled The Voice was released in May 2001; four others followed.
Davis also traveled for months in remote areas to carry out terminations.
The Greyhound was the first 8-cylinder car offered for sale in the United States.
The album won two Grammy Awards in 1986, and also won Best British Album at the 1987 Brit Awards.
Matarratas is the first album of Chilean band Fiskales Ad-Hok.
October Sky was played by William Lee Scott.
It was changed to be dissimilar to avoid confusion.
Ceromitia amphichroa is a species of moth of the family Adelidae.
The name Geelvink comes from a Dutch ship and family called Geelvinck.
In September, 2009, Libutti was invested as The Marvin L. Gliedman, M.D. Distinguished Surgeon in the Department of Surgery at Montefiore Medical Center.
There are no state routes which duplicate an existing U.S. or Interstate highway in Ohio.
Chris Foy (born 25 January 1983) is an Australian actor.
Susan Ruskin is a film producer.
The daily segments stopped being produced in mid-December 2007, which meant that in its last year, the show had only 26 episodes.
The theater was acquired by the US federal government and used as a warehouse until World War II, when it was operated by the American Theater Wing as a Stage Door Canteen.
These types of cyclones are defined as large scale (synoptic) low pressure weather systems that occur in the middle latitudes of the Earth.
The Keewaydin Farm house is a wooden structure forming an off-center T arrangement built in 1912 on a ten-acre farm.
The official colors are red and black.
And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?
"Why Don't You Know" featuring rapper Nucksal.
Zodarion messiniense is a spider species found in Greece.
ARCH Air was the twelfth program in the U.S. to offer such services when it began operating in March 1979.
Electricity lines businesses, including Transpower and the distribution lines companies, are regulated by the Commerce Commission.
As a result, several acclaimed skaters who had never retired were not inducted.
Peter Murphy (originally from Australia now residing in Fresno, CA) currently drives their 360ci non wing sprint car in USAC West Coast 360 competition.
Lesperon is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
After an ICC board meeting discussed his actions in a Test match between Pakistan and England in 2006 it was decided he should not umpire matches involving the test playing nations.
Cost of revenue is different from Costs of Goods Sold (COGS) in the way that it includes additional costs such as distribution, marketing and other.
The first three, respectively, are taken via the Internet over the course of two days.
The A-1 lifeboat was intended to be dropped by parachute during Dumbo missions to land within reach of the survivors of an accident on the ocean, specifically airmen survivors of an emergency water landing.
The Tuya Range is a rmountain range in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains in the far north of the Canadian province of British Columbia, near its border with the Yukon Territory and to the southwest of Watson Lake, Yukon, which is the nearest major settlement.
The bottom is relatively flat and there is a small central rise.
At the same time, the shadow (antumbra) of Phobos moves across the Martian surface.
The town of Glen Ellyn is passionate about athletics and West sporting events are often packed with supportive fans.
It is published by Text Publishing.
Charles R. Read (born c. 1889, date of death unknown) was a professional squash player from England, where professional squash began in 1907.
Sergey Koryashkin (born 2 January 1960) is a Soviet fencer.
It was produced by Fluency.
Lisa Evers (born June 15, 1953) is an American general assignment reporter for FOX 5 News, host of the Street Soldiers with Lisa Evers TV and radio show in New York City, a former high-ranking Guardian Angel, and a long-time community volunteer for urban, youth and children's charities.
She had a helicopter deck served by a stores lift and was capable of conducting helicopter replenishment.
Caroline Victoria Gipps (born 2 February 1948) was Vice-chancellor of the University of Wolverhampton from 2005 to 2011.
Children of age for secondary school normally attend Madras College in St Andrews.
Warren Bradley is a British firefighter, politician and a former Liberal Democrat.
It was the second part of what Morris calls "Big Loud Electric Guitar" experiments, that started with Sweatshop.
Summerside Police Department is the police force for the City of Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
The dark-backed imperial pigeon (Ducula lacernulata) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.
Gubernatorial elections were held in Massachusetts on November 4, 1879.
The post is currently held by the Ven Alan Jeans.
In full-duplex systems, keystrokes are transmitted one by one.
Karen Mok (Hong Kong based singer/actress) and Adam Duke starred in "Cadillac," which is regarded as the first micro movie.
Gerrhopilus is a genus of snakes in the family Gerrhopilidae.
The event took place between September 6 to September 12, 2010.
The Cal Expo Amphitheater opened in 1983 and hosted many famous artists such as Rush, Iron Maiden, Aerosmith, Bob Dylan, as well as 25 performances by the Grateful Dead.
Indigo Partners was co-founded by Bill Franke and has set up a number of ultra-low cost airlines around the world.
Presidential elections were held in the Comoros on 7 November 2010, with a second round on 26 December, alongside gubernatorial elections for the three main islands.
The trough of this syncline was regarded as the most promising site, but after much drilling did not fulfill expectations.
Instead of going through with the relegation they merged with Ischia Isolaverde in 1960.
Both cases were appealed.
In quiet weather, however, paddling and mast handling skills can become crucial for victory.
William Whitehurst (born 10 June 1959) is an English retired professional footballer active during the 1980s and 1990s.
The sun is formed of the three colors of red, yellow and green, which represent the Kurdish flag.
It was chosen by the editors of Harp Magazine as the best album of 2004.
Perron was selected by the Senators in the seventh round, 190th overall, in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
The "gentleman" farmer lifestyle was dramatically curtailed during the Great Depression and after WWII, although remnants of this bygone lifestyle existed into the 1980s.
Also on the Skull Skates team at the time were Duane Peters, Josh Marlowe, and Steve Olson.
Some transfer switches are manual, in that an operator effects the transfer by throwing a switch, while others are automatic and trigger when they sense one of the sources has lost or gained power.
The name still can be found in the Danish district Vendsyssel and in Norway in the title: sysselmann (the highest government representative at Svalbard - also with police authority).
The National Capital Presbytery is a judicatory of the Presbyterian Church (USA) based in Rockville, Maryland.
It is not a single variety of garlic, but rather a product of specific planting practices.
The ISO subcommittee with responsibility for the standard is TC 46/SC 9.
A contemporary of Little Audrey, Little Dot and Wendy the Good Little Witch, she was one of Harvey's best-known female characters during the 1960s and featured in many of the company's child-friendly comedy titles.
Digital terrestrial television was introduced on 1 January 2001 in Australia's five largest capital cities, later to be expanded to smaller cities and regional areas.
Pirton has a Counsel-owned wood, beside Pirton Green.
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is a 1984 American made-for-television drama film directed by Jack Hofsiss and starring Jessica Lange, Tommy Lee Jones, Rip Torn, Kim Stanley, David Dukes, and Penny Fuller.
Inmara Tibisay Henrriquez Gonzalez is a Venezuelan weightlifter.
Breakers were an American garage rock band from Memphis, Tennessee who were active in the 1960s.
Sands also played for the Green Bay Packers, Oakland Raiders, and New England Patriots.
In 1971 Bates Victory was scrapped in Taiwan.
A History of Violence is the sixth album by Philadelphia hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks, released on November 11, 2008 on Babygrande Records.
The subdivisions's location in a then-rural setting view with its expansive views made the suburb attractive for retiring farmers.
Some fighting also occurred in the neighboring Kirkuk Governorate.
He was also the Minister of State (Independent Charge) Transport, Food and Civil Supplies in the Veerendra Patil government and Cabinet Minister for Housing & Urban Development in the S. Bangarappa government.
Following the creation of the province of Saskatchewan in 1905, Assiniboia East became a riding in Saskatchewan until it was abolished in 1907 when it was redistributed into Assiniboia, Qu'Appelle and Saltcoats ridings.
Pete Finnigan is the founder and CEO of PeteFinnigan.com Limited, a company specialized in Oracle security.
Rai Jagat Bahadur Singh (died 15 February 1878) was the ruler of princely Bhadri state of Oudh.
Mutiny Ahead is a 1935 American adventure film directed by Thomas Atkins and starring Neil Hamilton, Kathleen Burke and Leon Ames.
Jacquez played for the Charlotte Knights and Great Falls White Sox over 2002 and 2003.
Most Holy Redeemer Church is located at 1721 Junction Street in Southwest Detroit, Michigan, within the West Vernor-Junction Historic District.
The European Society for Clinical Investigation (ESCI) was founded on February 12, 1967 as a pan-European society of clinicians and scientists with a genuine interest in uncovering disease mechanisms.
Mount Vernon is a city in Davison County, South Dakota, United States.
The adjoining wapentake of Langoe also separated parishes; the village of Branston, located four Miles south of Lincoln, was formerly the seat of the Liberty of Lincoln.
It is banned for use on crops in the European Union since 22 December 2007.It is used in veterinary medicine to treat ectoparasitic acarids.
According to the 2001 census number over 131,040 Canadians claim Finnish ancestry.
It was announced in 2006 that Cox would narrate the Roald Dahl favorite, Three Little Pigs.
He was born in Paisley, Scotland, United Kingdom and raised in Toronto, Ontario.
Nor does it list astronomical events that have yet to be discovered.
With cricket providing little financial compensation, Prior was required to work to earn a living, doing so as a casual laborer with a suburban Adelaide council until South Australian Cricket Association officials organized work for him with an Adelaide car dealer.
The Minister of Health lost the power to constitute county boroughs by provisional order.
It is endemic to the Sierra Madre Oriental in Puebla, Mexico.
The Farmer is a 1977 American crime action film directed by David Berlatsky and starring Lewell Akins, Gary Conway, Michael Dante, Dave Graig, Stratton Leopold, Ray McIver, and George Memmoli.
The uniform handling of research data, coupled with a comprehensive set of analysis tools, is designed to maximize the bioinformatics leverage researchers and physician-scientists can bring to their projects.
Livity has a strong focus on living a natural lifestyle which includes the consumption of natural foods and growth of natural hair.
Sweden and Russia were at war in 1808 and the Russians besieged Suomenlinna, they used Vallisaari as their base.
In three medals awarded to West Bromwich Albion reserve player Stan Amos, including his 1924 West Bromwich FSCC winner's 9-carrat gold medal, were sold at auction.
The population was 2,367 at the 2010 census.
In Hong Kong, and was a track on his album Re Li Zhi Guan.
It is the county seat of Moore County.
The Kerr Stuart steam railmotor, also known as Motor Car 3, was a steam railcar operated by the Victorian Railways from 1913 to 1924.
Streptomyces rubrus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from the sponge Haliclona sp.
The followers of Duns Scotus were called the Dunses, Dunsmen, or Scotists.
He has been named in the Reds Extended Playing Squad for the 2013 Super Rugby season on the back of his performances for his local club Easts.
It tells the story of a week in the life of a family of six struggling to survive.
It is now primarily used by the Kansas City Southern Railroad (KCS), and is sometimes referred to as the KCS - Jenson Tunnel.
Some games may have also been released on platforms other than the Xbox 360, in which case only the sales figures from the Xbox 360 versions are counted.
The band was formed by Mercer as a side project to Flake Music, who were active from 1992 to 1999.
The accounts of their epic clash with the Curiatii and the murder of their sister by Publius, the sole survivor of the battle, appear in the writings of Livy.
It is headquartered in Los Gatos, California and is a wholly owned Perfect World subsidiary.
It was re-titled Door-to-Door Maniac for an American International Pictures re-release in 1966.
Wat Hosian Voravihane is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Luang Prabang, Laos.
He was also nominated for a Filmfare Awards South award for Best Music Director for this film.
Neil Perry released several records in the next four years, mostly with Level Plane records.
Limnophilomyia is a genus of crane flies in the family Limoniidae.
It is close to the sea, thirty five kilometers north of the provincial capital city Valencia, and ten kilometers north of Sagunto.
Columbia College is a vocational education institution located in Calgary, Canada, offering certificate and diploma qualifications in a range of subjects.
It is found in China (Fujian, Sichuan, Yunnan, Hunan, Hubei).
The Canadian National Association had been revived and had become a member.
Ian Nelson was a Scottish amateur football outside right who made one Scottish League Cup appearance for Queen's Park.
Certain volcanoes have undergone catastrophic eruptions, killing large numbers of humans, and this incomplete list attempts to document those volcanic eruptions by death toll.
The Silent Call is a 1961 American drama film directed by John A. Bushelman and written by Tom Maruzzi.
On 1 March 2008, the transfer of the Director and staff of the Assets Recovery Agency, its property, rights and liabilities to SOCA and the National Policing Improvement Agency started in anticipation of the Agency's abolition.
Hemati debuted for Persepolis in December 2017 in match against Zob Ahan.
At that time the EPA reported that their most recent "set of sampling did not show levels of contaminants that would give EPA reason to take further action."
Her poetry work with experimental musicians occupies a region bounded roughly by electronic, dance (techno applies on occasion) and possibly avant-garde genres, with varying hard as well as romantic and orchestral styles.
Kevin John Serrapede (born August 4, 1948) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Pianura was an Italian association football club located in Pianura, a suburb of Naples, Campania.
It is next door to Northumberland House.
The aperture of macroconch Duashnoceras is simple, a constriction followed by an elevated lip.
Vaikom Vijayalakshmi is a playback singer from Kerala, India.
He has also worked with Badly Drawn Boy, Howling Bells, The Charlatans, Kings of Convenience, The Orange Lights, Ray LaMontagne, Snow Patrol, Paolo Nutini, and Deadbeat Darling.
Sing the Sorrow was certified Platinum by the RIAA in 2006 and is AFI's best-selling release, having sold over 1.26 million copies as of September 2009.AFI's seventh album, Decemberunderground (2006), debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and featured the hit single "Miss Murder", which topped the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart and reached number 24 on the Billboard Hot 100.
It was first published in Strand Magazine in 1913.
Shells are stoutly ribbed, early growth stage is round-whorled with spines, followed by a high-whorled late growth stage with smooth, modified ribbing.
She played 122 matches for the national team.
Damian Gareth Brandy (born 14 September 1981) is a former English cricketer.
Clementi committed suicide on September 22, 2010, and his death brought national and international attention to Ravi's trial.
For the full plain list of Czech sportspeople on Wikipedia, see Category:Czech sportspeople.
The Hurricane Poster Project was an international collaboration of artists and designers to raise money for the victims of Hurricane Katrina.
The Border Raiders is a 1918 American silent western film directed by Stuart Paton and starring Betty Compson and George Larkin.
This article lists events from the 1590s in Scotland.
He was also a member of the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity.
The costal border and a broad outer band are black.
Frances Yung Ming Fong (born 1972 with family roots in Wuxi, Jiangsu) was the director of Group Finance Department of CITIC Pacific.
This company had several clashes with bands of Indians in the Eel River Valley, during February 1860.
The theater is home to the Flint Symphony Orchestra, Annual Holiday Pops, community graduations, recitals, and many other events.
Glucosyltransferase and glucosidase are performed by a single enzyme in mammals, yeast, and some bacteria, but by two distinct enzymes in E. coli and other bacteria, complicating nomenclature.
Of especial interest is the fact that Pepys had Sympson build bookcases for his growing library of official papers and personal manuscripts and printed books.
The Slovenian Embassy recently built a park commemorating soldiers killed in World War II.
South Kensington is a 2001 Italian-British romantic comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina and starring Elle Macpherson, Rupert Everett and Sienna Miller, in her first screen role.
It runs from the interchange Terbregseplein in the northeastern part of Rotterdam, towards the Belgian border near Hazeldonk.
Love Hungry is a 1928 American comedy film directed by Victor Heerman and written by Randall Faye and Frances Agnew.
He currently fronts the band Before the Toast and Tea and is a recording engineer at ARC Studios, formerly Presto!
A production engineer typically has a wide knowledge of engineering practices and is aware of the management challenges related to production.
Nubiennes is the debut studio album by Afro-French music duo Les Nubians.
He received 35.20% of the votes, winning by a narrow 0.34% margin over Tan Cheng Bock.
Comprising 13,500 hectares of land area, it includes eight planning areas.
Kachalsky v. Cacace (District - 10 Civ 05413, 2nd Circuit - 11-3642) is a case regarding the constitutionality of "may-issue" concealed carry laws.
Framework and was first released in 2003.
People who live in cultures of honor, perceive family as the central institution in their society and a person's social identity depends largely on their family.
Relevant interleavings are computed using a customized dynamic partial order reduction algorithm called POE.
Smiths Aerospace, which was an important supplier, became an operating subsidiary of GE Aviation.
The pattern was designed as an experiment to show the ability of fractal patterns, breaking up a soldier's outline and symmetry.
Gerald Stanley Lee (1862-1944) was an American Congregational clergyman and the author of numerous books and essays.
It is found in West Africa and is known for its medicinal uses.
Bons-Tassilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
The Canada under 20 rugby team are the newest representative rugby union team from Canada.
Some of these people self-identify as being fully Irish, while others prefer to identify with their original country of ancestry.
If a disk defragmenter tool is used, or if Windows Explorer is to move files or directories, while FASTOPEN is installed, it is necessary to reboot the computer afterwards, because FASTOPEN would remember the old position of files and directories, causing MS-DOS to display garbage if e.g. "DIR" was performed.
Lenny is a 1946 Screwy Squirrel cartoon directed by Tex Avery and released to theaters on March 9, 1946 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
The unit was activated as a Michigan Organized Reserve unit during the interwar period.
CHGK-FM is a Canadian radio station in Stratford, Ontario with a Contemporary hit radio format at 107.7 FM, branded as 107.7 2day FM.
The Major Language spoken in Nii Boi Town is Ga which is also the local language of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
Most of the prescribed course books being taught in Indian universities have been authored by Dr. Nadvi.
He never told the British Amateur Athletic Board of his Asthma, afraid he would miss being selected for the Mexico Olympic Games, and other overseas trips.
Due to its high duration of treatment, the therapy has been found to frequently be infeasible when attempts have been made to apply it to clinical situations, and both patients and treating clinicians have reported poor compliance and concerns with patient safety.
It is one of Germany's largest law firms, with six offices in Germany, and one in Brussels.
Yahoo! has been a party to several instances of litigation.
The RRS James Cook is a British Royal Research Ship operated by the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC).
Cahill was elected again to the Assembly in 1998, and began his term in 1999.
The section east of Airdrie then closed, except for minor freight movements, but it was reopened in 2010, forming a through passenger route between Glasgow and Edinburgh via Airdrie and Bathgate.
Samuel J. Reader (1836 - 1914) was an American diarist and artist who wrote about his experiences living in Kansas including during the Bleeding Kansas and American Civil War eras.
"Oddo" made up the 2nd half of the 2-man show as Buckethead's co-host.
It is native to eastern and southeastern Asia, including China, Japan, Bangladesh, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, etc.
It is found in the eastern part of Trondheim, called Lade.
This remains the intention today.
It was a meeting place for Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex and his accomplices in 1601, when they were plotting against Elizabeth I.It was later rebuilt as Craven House.
She was renamed Empire Avocet in 1942 and sunk by U-125 on 29 September 1942.
Ifrim suffered an injury in October 2013 during trainings in Germany right before the World Cup qualification criteria started.
The school is operated by the Servite Order.
He played Minor counties cricket for Hertfordshire from 1975 to 1986, making 79 Minor Counties Championship and eleven MCCA Knockout Trophy appearances.
It was a popular destination for British travelers from 1782 to around 1850, and reached its peak popularity during the Napoleonic Wars, when travel (especially the Grand Tour) to Continental Europe was not an option.
It is a sub-company of the Gilmore Food Corporation.
Its chairman is Barbara Cox's son, James C. Kennedy.
In keeping with all of the entries in the series, and as indicated in the subheading which reads "Mid 60s Garage Punkers," this collection consists of songs which display the rawer and more aggressive side of the genre and are often characterized by the use of fuzztone-distorted guitars and rough vocals.
It is a common frog that is not threatened.
Formerly the Galeville Military Airport, it was decommissioned in 1994 and turned over to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service in 1999.
Baseball and Bloomers, also known as Baseball in Bloomers, is a 1911 American silent short sports film produced by the Thanhouser Company.
The Sri Lanka bush warbler, Ceylon bush warbler or Palliser's warbler (Elaphrornis palliseri) is an Old World warbler which is an endemic resident breeder in Sri Lanka, where it is the only bush warbler.
John Tinker is showrunner and executive producer.
Blast Monkeys is a physics based mobile puzzle video game developed by American studio Yobonja and was released for iOS in January 2011 and Android in February 2011.
He grew up and was educated there and graduated from the University of British Columbia Faculty of Law in Spring 1954.
Mukemmel "Mike" Sarimsakci is a Turkish-born businessman and primary developer of Dallas, Texas's 211 North Ervay and Butler Brothers Building.
He is a member of the Montana House of Representatives from the 71st District, serving since 2013.
Meath's All-Ireland victory was their first since 1954.
Also, the AEC can present reports to the Presidency of the Republic of Sudan (and publish them with the consent of the Presidency), advise the Presidency on the arrangements and institutions created under the CPA, form verification teams on any questions connected with the CPA, and evaluate the fulfillment of international commitments and support for CPA implementation, under the AEC Rules of Procedure.
His main expertise is in petroleum geology of the Appalachian Basin.
As an antioxidant, it is used as an additive in lubricants.
It also has strong effects on the properties of the water column, modifying nutrient proportions and concentrations, increasing water transparency, decreasing phytoplankton and zooplankton densities, on which it feeds, and enhancing the growth of aquatic macrophytes.
Banks would be required to provide consumers a reasonable amount of time to make payments.
Repentance is the first major film production of CodeBlack Films since CodeBlack's merger with Lions Gate Entertainment in May 2012.
Among the topmost motives of attackers were: bullying/persecution/threatened (75%) and revenge (61%), while 54% reported having numerous reasons.
For example, in Manila, it is only found in a few eateries in the district of Chinatown.
The company was formed on 17 May 1861 and the line opened on 1 June 1864.Garston Dock station had opened in 1852 as the terminus of the St Helens Canal and Railway Company's line from Warrington.
According to Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 2.403.
They worked with Joth Hunt in the production of this album.
River bank erosion along the Ganges in Malda and Murshidabad districts focusses on river bank erosion along the main channel of the Ganges in Malda and Mushidabad districts of West Bengal, India.
Cranley is a graduate of Harvard Law School and Harvard Divinity School and co-founder of the Ohio Innocence Project at the University of Cincinnati College of Law.
Since the announcement of Compilation of Final Fantasy VII, Square Enix has focused on "polymorphic content", expanding each game world with material on many video game platforms, as well as other forms of media.
By this point, the jail no longer had modern eating or restroom facilities; while this was considered a deterrent to crime by some residents, the jail stopped housing criminals after 1961 nonetheless.
In the general election, Atwater faced off against former State Representative Loranne Ausley, whom he defeated by 18 percentage points.
The world title was won by Gerd Riss of Germany.
Races were edited to a two- or three-hour broadcast, and shown in prime time.
Smerinthulus witti is a species of moth of the family Sphingidae.
In 1981, Gilyard became a faculty member at Medgar Evers College of the City University of New York, where in 1986 he helped to launch the National Black Writers Conference series.
Joe McCarthy (born Joseph Terence McCarthy, 6 August 1936, Cork, Ireland) is an Irish musician, who was for many years one of the best known faces of the showband group The Dixies.
He introduced greenhouse techniques there, revolutionizing agricultural methods.
Producers of laundry balls often make pseudoscientific claims about how these balls work and exaggerate the extent of their benefits.
He was selected to the University of Georgia Bulldogs' Team of the Century and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats Wall of Honor in 2002.
It was classified as a WTA Premier tournament on the 2010 WTA Tour and as an ATP World Tour 250 series on the 2010 ATP World Tour.
Ramesh Karri is a researcher specializing in trustworthy hardware, high assurance nanoscale integrated circuits, architectures and systems.
On August 13, 2007 the Beauty & Fashion Channel was removed from DirecTV.
It was a short spur route from Interstate 35 to Pine City.
The award was founded in 1887 by Dr Robert Halliday Gunning, a Scottish surgeon, entrepreneur and philanthropist who spent much of his life in Brazil.
It moved to SAS with the 1987 switch, and continued there until July 1996 when the show moved to ATN-7 Sydney where it lasted to its cancelation in 2006.
The song "Lemonade" was released as a single.
He began as a carpenter but at the age of twenty-five began to live a life of solitude.
Their longtime mascot was a bantam, called Brewster Rooster, who wore attire with Goebel's logo, and the beer was a long-time sponsor of Detroit Tigers baseball broadcasts on radio.
Cavalry units from the Revolution era also rode through Red Square.
The Altamira Gathering was a five-day media conference organized by the Kayapo people in an effort to raise awareness of the ecological and political atrocities committed by the Brazilian government and by illegal gold mining also.
The HERO card is a tool for consumers to create savings and wealth by depositing cash rebates into a private account in the name of the card holder.
From November 2015 to April 2016, he was acting President of the German Football Association along with Rainer Koch.
It is read here [2] by Larkin himself.
They could now go to a central location and buy the same items at wholesale prices.
It was recorded in France during the World Panzer Battle tour and released on November 14, 2000 by Regain Records.
It is a popular source of antigens for immunocontraception.
Therefore it had a new name as Paenarthrobacter nitroguajacolicus.
Marcus Minucius Rufus (died August 2, 216 BC) was a Roman consul in 221 BC.
She captured two letters-of-marque and numerous merchant vessels before being laid-up in 1815.
Chief Shakes is a distinguished Tlingit leadership title passed down through generations among groups of native people from Northwestern North America.
It was released in January 2011 as the third single from the band's self-titled debut album, and their second consecutive release to reach top ten on the Hot Country Songs chart.
Melissa Long is a journalist for WXIA-TV in Atlanta, Georgia.
He is one of three press secretaries (along with Stephen Early and Pierre Salinger) to serve in the position under two different presidents.
Upon her retirement in 1993, she moved to Sarasota, Florida, where she died on August 8, 1999.
Twelve-year old Robin Covey of Harper Woods, Michigan placed third, after previously successfully protesting a 15th place removal.
Originally a Muslim, he converted to Christianity before getting away from religion.
When read as recommendation to the programmer, the abstraction principle can be generalized as the "don't repeat yourself" principle, which recommends avoiding the duplication of information in general, and also avoiding the duplication of human effort involved in the software development process.
This often occurs if the opposing team's defensive line, linebackers or defensive backs are able to apply pass pressure (also called a pass rush) to quickly get past blocking players of the offensive team (the quarterback's protection), or if the quarterback is unable to find a back to hand the ball off to or an available eligible receiver (including wide receivers, running backs and tight ends) to catch the ball, allowing the defense a longer opportunity to tackle the quarterback.
He obtained his doctorate in 1973 from Rice University (writing on narrative strategies and reader response in the theory of the novel).
In 1980, the IRT moved to its current home, The Indiana Theater, a former Paramount Pictures Publix Theater at 140 West Washington Street, built in 1927 and converted from a movie theater for IRT's use.
The church, made out of bricks or ladrillo, used to be the largest Catholic church in the Philippines during the late 18th century, The church was finished in 1773, under the administration of Father Cristobal Ausina.
The Eighth Crusade is sometimes counted as the Seventh, if the Fifth and Sixth Crusades of Frederick II are counted as a single crusade.
The role of Chief Data Officer in the French public administration was created by decree of September 16, 2014.
At its peak in the 1930s it was a constituent of the FT 30 index of leading companies on the London Stock Exchange.
Very Best of Chris de Burgh is the second compilation album by Chris de Burgh, released by Telstar Records in 1984.
The single reached No. 10 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and was certified 4x Platinum by the RIAA.
The following elections occurred in the year 1979.
Major archiepiscopal churches are the Eastern Catholic Churches governed by the major archbishops, assisted by the respective synod of bishops.
The unincorporated communities of Brighton and Klondike are located within the town.
In 2013, McCoy led the NFL in rushing yards with 1,607, shattering the team's individual single-season rushing yards record that stood for 34 years.
However, because it can be deadly even at very low doses, it is no longer being researched for potential therapeutic uses.
In mathematics, a del Pezzo surface or Fano surface is a two-dimensional Fano variety, in other words a non-singular projective algebraic surface with ample anticanonical divisor class.
The S-51D is a 70% scale version of the World War II P-51D Mustang fighter aircraft.
The Supreme Court found that the officer had been deprived of his Fifth Amendment right to silence.
The Constitution of the United Arab Republic or the Constitution of 1958 was the constitution for the short-lived political union between Egypt and Syria known as the United Arab Republic.
This is a list of songs that have peaked in the top 10 of the Mainstream Top 40 chart during 2015.
During The American Civil War, published in 1887.
The Australian Film Institute Jury Prize is an award in the annual Australian Film Institute Awards.
The Biggar station is a heritage railway station operated by Via Rail located in Biggar, Saskatchewan, Canada.
This Develothon was recognized by the Limca Book of Records 2011 as the Largest Technical Briefing Program.
Be Glorified is the second studio album from American contemporary worship music band BridgeCity.
He just had releases with Jazz Jamaica and continued with his own recordings he had produced in Japan during 1994/1995.
The type species is Laosaurus celer, first described by O.C. Marsh in 1878 from remains from the Oxfordian-Tithonian-age Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of Wyoming.
In 1954 the league merged with the Scottish National League to form the British National League.
Aardvark was a social search service that connected users live with friends or friends-of-friends who were able to answer their questions, also known as a knowledge market.
Earl of Balfour is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
He is also a director at Viacom Corporation.
The Athletics' 2002 campaign ranks among the most famous in franchise history.
Over time the project was developed by a consortium of different companies until it was terminated by Exxon on 2 May 1982 a day which is known amongst locals as "Black Sunday".
Geography The Makamah Park Preserve is located in the Northeast Corner of the Township of Huntington, east of the village of Northport.
Kitsonville is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, West Virginia.
Hieronimo is one of the principal characters in Thomas Kyd's The Spanish Tragedy.
The station site is adjacent to Pont Croesor bridge, which crosses the River Glaslyn, and is a hybrid road/rail bridge, as each uses the same piers.
The seating in the grandstand consists of 12 rows of bench seats with the lower 6 rows having backrests.
ACH processes large volumes of credit and debit transactions in batches.
Breathing of oxygen-depleted air can lead to death by asphyxiation (suffocation).
William Partridge was born in Ross-on-Wye, Herefordshire on 27 June 1858.
Renji scripted several commercially successful films for Shaji Kailas, including Dr. Pasupathy (1990), Thalastaanam (1992), Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans (1993), Ekalavyan (1993), Mafia (1993), Commissioner (1994), and The King (1995).
Produced by Kristoffer "Garm" Rygg of Ulver, it was released on 21 August 2015 through Relapse Records.
It is located in the Neosho Commercial Historic District, but is considered a non-contributing building.
Gayratjon Hasanov (born 12 January 1983 in Qarshi, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union) is Uzbek footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Nasaf Qarshi.
Taya Parker is an American model, actress, singer, TV host and reality TV show contestant best known for winning the VH1 reality television show Rock of Love Bus.
In 2017 Robert Clift and Adam Schwemley, two Alaska Libertarian party members, were appointed to the Alaska Public Office Commission by Governor Bill Walker.
Born in Vancouver, he is an alumnus of the University of Oregon.
Their town Ingena, called Abrincatae in the Notitia dignitatum, has given its name to the modern Avranches; and their territory would probably correspond to the division of Avranchin.
Mammy Lou (born c. 1804 - died after 1918) claimed an age which would have made her one of the earliest-born people to appear in a motion picture.
He takes the canteen but finds it dry.
He was appointed to this position by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 16 July 2013.
With only seven left in the pool, Soldano rounded out the field to last place in 1:05.05, more than one second off his entry time.
It opened in 1858, closed to scheduled passenger traffic in 1951, and stopped being used for excursions in 1962.
It consists of only one species, Poecilarctia venata, which can be found in Zimbabwe and Malawi.
The North Midland Railway was a British railway company, which opened its line from Derby to Rotherham (Masbrough) and Leeds in 1840.At Derby, it connected with the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway and the Midland Counties Railway at what became known as the Tri Junct Station.
They recorded several singles and one full-length album in 1974, Don't Fight the Feeling; this album reached #57 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart.
There is also a ward of the City of Nottingham called Bestwood.
He was, however, regularly selected in 1994, making 19 appearances, three of them in finals.
She is Professor of English Literature at the University of Oxford and a Professorial Fellow of St Anne's College, Oxford.
She has appeared in many publications, from MuscleMag International to Playboy Magazine and has her own comic book series, Code Red by Pickle Press.
In 2015, parapets was then constructed and the ground was inaugurated as a national stadium in time for the 2015 SAFF U-19 Championship.
He was played by Mike Connors.
The EuroCup is the European-wide 2nd-tier level league.
Geron's administration imposed new rules requiring the screening of foreigners in the Philippines.
He joined the Texas Tech faculty in 1969.
Its population during the 2000 Census was 37.
He has had numerous television appearances including Comedy Cuts, BBC Breakfast and Loose Women and has gained international recognition through winning Best International Show at the New Zealand Comedy Festival (2009).
Heatley is a suburb in the City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
GI differs from, for example, formal program translation, in that it primarily verifies the behavior of the new mutant version by running both the new and the old software on test inputs and comparing their output and performance in order to see if the new software can still do what is wanted of the original program and is now better.
The albedo of the wide inner walls is higher than the surrounding lunar mare, giving it a light hue.
The 2016 presidential campaign of Martin O'Malley, the 61st Governor of Maryland, for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in 2016 was announced on May 30, 2015.
Simon Parsons (born 3 May 1969) is a British sprint canoer who competed in the early 1990s.
Some sources also wrongly refer to it as the Koutaba Airport (IATA: KOB).
Herbert Gibbs, who was made Baron Hunsdon of Hunsdon, of Briggens in the County of Hertford.
There are some low rises and ghost-crater rims in the southeast half part of the interior floor.
The transformation matrix should account for power invariance in the two frames of reference.
Robert Palmer Browne (1802 or 1803 - 1872) was a British architect.
He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, and educated at the London School of Economics.
This version was released under the Victor record label.
While GPUs, and Nvidia in particular, are generally considered mainly for video games, there has been a recent growth of business applications that are GPU-accelerated.
Jody is often joined by her six-piece backing band, The Dreamers.
She finished behind Edward J. King and Michael Dukakis in the Democratic primary with 6.72% to King's 51.07% and Dukakis' 42.20%.
The Victorian Football Club, renamed the North Adelaide Football Club in its final year, was an Australian rules football club based in Adelaide, South Australia.
Obolo, or Andoni, is a major Lower Cross River language of Nigeria.
The Minotaur is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell, written under the pseudonym Barbara Vine.
Lewers made his Great Britain debut in 2011, and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The group is a side project of the band Camper Van Beethoven, with whom all Monks of Doom members have been involved.
A Diploma of Journalism (or Diploma in Journalism) is an academic qualification in journalism issued by a university or college.
It took place in Dubai, United Arab Emirates from February 6 through February 13, 1995.
Gabrielle Serene "Elle" Varner (born February 12, 1989) is an American Grammy-winner singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
She was also a contestant on Dancing with the Stars in 2008.
No Doubt, released as a promotional single from their sixth studio album of the same name.
This method of storing hose is designed for rapid deployment of a hose line to attack a fire.
This Wisconsin team is also tightly linked to the resurgence of the program in the 1990s through All-American end Pat Richter, who returned as athletic director in 1989 and hired head coach Barry Alvarez.
Municipal elections were held in the Czech Republic on 20 October and 21 October 2006.
CDE's first release on the iOS platform was in September 2008.
NCHADS' main offices are located in Phnom Penh.
Two months, May 1631 and May 1696, had two eclipses.
American and Canadian football developed alongside each other and were originally more distinct before Canadian teams adopted features of the American game.
The aircraft's airworthiness certificate expired in June 2013 and it remains at Charlotte Douglas International Airport on static display.
Also in that span, the Skyhawks have won five postseason games and is the only Ohio Valley Conference school to win at least one postseason game in each of the last three seasons.
Shakespeare in Delaware Park is a not-for-profit, professional theater company.
In 2017, it evolved to include more European leaders.
The paper covers several communities in suburban Butler County, Kansas, part of the Wichita metropolitan area.
Probable U3 small nucleolar RNA-associated protein 11 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the UTP11L gene.
As well as the town of Kirriemuir, the school serves an extensive rural area which extends from Glen Isla, Glen Prosen and Glen Clova in the north, to the villages of Glamis and Glen Ogilvy in the south.
Cheick Guillaume Ouedraogo (born May 17, 1975), more commonly known as Cheick Kongo, is a French heavyweight mixed martial artist and former kickboxer who fights in Bellator MMA.
The Standard Oil trust streamlined production and logistics, lowered costs, and undercut competitors.
It is used of two towns, one in the territory assigned in the Bible to the Tribe of Reuben, and another in that of the Tribe of Judah.
Myo Min Tun retired in 2013 MNL season.
India is World Rugby Rankings|rated 77th in the rugby playing nations as of May 2016.
Later it appeared in three-novel omnibus editions and in audiobook.
A popular R&B and dance hit, the single achieved mainstream success by peaking at number twenty-six on the Billboard Hot 100.
It features Kevin Shields of My Bloody Valentine as well as Guided By Voices frontman Robert Pollard on some songs.
Gilb was born in Los Angeles in 1950.
The four-story structure opened on the banks of the Winooski River in 1909.
It was described by Speidel and Mey in 2005.
This was said to be contrary to the National Organic Program which the AMS administers.
Denis Mehigan (born 1890) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a center-back for the Cork senior team.
Gara River Hydro-Electric Scheme is a heritage-listed former hydroelectic power station located at Castle Doyle, Armidale Regional Council, New South Wales, Australia.
Will Made It, Jahlil Beats, Reefa, Rico Love, Lex Luger and Young Chop.
Palm OS Emulator supports Palm OS 4.x and earlier.
Upon its release, Ghostdini: Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City received generally positive reviews from music critics.
NToum has an integrated cement plant.
Keyboardist Earl Van Dyke remembers "Psychedelic Shack" as one of his favorite recording sessions.
The album was released worldwide on June 5, 2012 by Universal Music via digital download and CD.
He belongs to the Orange Democratic Movement and was elected to represent the Gwassi Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the Kenyan parliamentary election, 2007.
It subsequently appeared on several of Young's live recordings.
It was designed by Stuart Hobbs Sims, an engineering professor at the University of Iowa.
It has been recorded by many other singers, including a number of doo-wop groups.
The song differs from most Joel songs in that it is based on electric guitar rather than piano, which gives it a hard rock edge compared to his usual soft rock balladry.
Paul Thorfinnsson (died 1098) and Erlend Thorfinnsson (died 1098) were brothers who ruled together as Earls of Orkney.
During the 20th century the area had a reputation for being dangerous as it residents were relatively poor.
Rhynchospora capillacea Torr. is a species of sedge known by the common names needle beaksedge, slender beakrush and needle beakrush.
Nzingha Stewart is an American filmmaker.
Cambridge won by four lengths.
Radio Broadcasting in Wales began in 1923 with the inauguration of the British Broadcasting Corporation's (BBC) station at Cardiff.
Although her exact date of birth is unknown, she was most likely born between 1526 and 1545, and died around 1589.
Venezuela Solidarity Campaign is a British political organization which expresses solidarity with Venezuela and its Bolivarian Revolution and campaigns against threats to the Revolution.
The FEI World Cup Dressage Final is an annual international dressage series involving the world's best dressage horses and riders.
Mouse on the Keys is a jazz-infused post-rock band from Tokyo, Japan.
The Jordan Radioactive Storage Facility is a proposed national storage facility in Amman for Jordan's radioactive waste and nuclear materials.
It was described by Urquhart in 1980.
It was a nonsectarian advocacy group which sought to monitor mass media for content that it deemed is harmful to children and families.
The company is backed by Sequoia Capital and Accel Partners.
Xie Bao is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels in Chinese literature.
The Nationals was a team handball tournament to determine the National Champion from 1975 from the US.
She hosted The Miranda Devine Show, a weekly syndicated radio show on Sydney station 2GB.
ALCS, which stands for Airline Control System, is an application server that provides industrial-strength, online transaction management for mission-critical applications.
The later 20th century saw a revival of interest, manifested in the United Kingdom by the establishment of the Victorian Society in 1958.
It was named after the Greek warrior and charioteer Eumelus from Greek mythology.
Biathlon at the 1960 Winter Olympics consisted of one biathlon event, held at McKinney Creek Stadium, Tahoma, California.
Originally described as a utopian society of extraterrestrials native to Uranus who had found scientific cures for aging, disease, crime, and other ills, they were later retconned as a colony of the Eternals, an offshoot of humanity which possessed near-immortality, super-powers and vastly advanced technology even before founding their colony.
It is common in some communities in Malaysia and Papua New Guinea, as it confers some resistance to cerebral Falciparum Malaria.
The hall has long been a local venue for public, private, and civic events, and is the finest performance space in the city.
Anice George, is the Dean of the Manipal College of Nursing and Professor of Child health nursing.
The audio was officially released on 17 September by Sa Re Ga Ma at the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa competition.
He later appeared in an episode on another Irwin Allen-produced series on ABC, as a cantankerous orphanage operator, Parteg, in the February 1969 episode "Night of Thrombeldinbar," on Land of the Giants.
In electric power transmission, wheeling is the transportation of electric energy (megawatt-hours) from within an electrical grid to an electrical load outside the grid boundaries.
Its decisions generally match those of the Dispute Panel.
Adi (Chikodi) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
The camp was closed at the end of 2013 and all assets were transferred to a new JFIG Pathfinder building at RAF Wyton.
In 1929 Imperial Oil purchased the site, which became part of their Dartmouth Refinery and the remaining parts of the fort were buried in the 1940s.
The wraparound front porch is supported by Tuscan columns.
The revived 1975 European Rugby League Championship used traditional structures that saw a return to the one game format.
The date goes terribly and McGuirk and Paula decide to not pursue a relationship.
There are at least 40 described species in Eucerceris.
Mourasuchus is an extinct genus of giant, aberrant caiman from the Miocene of South America.
Girls Aloud; while part of the group, she felt undervalued in comparison to other members.
Pine Grove Area School District, serving students from three municipalities and multiple surrounding townships, is located in the town.
It has Saiju Kurup in the lead role of Joji,the youngest son of Thomas Kora Saheb(Innocent).The female lead role is played by Manasa.
Her preferred style of running is generally that of a front runner (running on the lead) or a stalker (running close to and just behind the lead), though she occasionally competed from off of the pace (Mother Goose Stakes).
It is named for the high quality of its soil.
Subsequently he purchased a day school in Sheffield, which proved a failure, and in 1880 he had to retire from his charge penniless.
Shabbir Masani is an Indian actor who played the role of Yeda in Satya and similar small and significant roles in Asoka, Company and Bhoot.
The cemetery is named after Mount Moriah in Jerusalem, Israel and the Biblical Book of Genesis.
As the century progressed the freeholders went bankrupt for various reasons while the tenants of the Harpur-Crewe family gave up because of the high rents charged and general mismanagement of the limeyards.
This was the first Lloyd Webber and Rice musical to be performed publicly (the first, The Likes of Us, written in 1965, was not performed until 2005).
It is also considered a forerunner or close relative of the 17th century mandola.
All four parts are instrumental pieces of electronic music, "The Dignity of Labor, Pts. 1-4".
The Virgin Encyclopedia of 70s Music described bassist Gaye Advert as the "first female punk star".
Graduates receive a certified high school diploma by completing 23 credit hours.
The following year, Goldberg won the most important race of his career to date when Safely Kept won the Breeders' Cup Sprint.
The practice of appointing Extraordinary Lords ceased in 1721, and the office of Extraordinary Lord was abolished by the Section 2 of the Court of Session Act 1723.
Tawuran (or tubir) is a form of customary mass street fighting between gangs of particular school related students in urban Indonesia,especially in capital city Jakarta.
He was nominated in September 2008, as President of the African Court for a first term of two years.
Their American-made military revolvers (Colt revolvers) were far superior to the arms used by the other contestants.
In addition, he serves as a Regent Lecturer for University of California, Los Angeles, and as an advisor and lecturer at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.
The 1640 quarto was printed at Oxford by Leonard Lichfield, the printer to the University of Oxford.
Carl Gangolf Kayser (or Carl Gangolph Kaiser; born 12 February 1837, in Vienna; died 2 September 1895) was an Austrian architect at the service of Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico, during the Second Mexican Empire.
On the middle Wuding River, Mizhi is situated in the Loess Plateau.
Calicut International Airport is near to peruvallur and kondotty and chemmad are the nearest towns.
FASTA is a DNA and protein sequence alignment software package first described by David J. Lipman and William R. Pearson in 1985.
It starred Marion Davies as a poor Irish girl who stands to inherit a fortune if she satisfies certain conditions.
Ethan Hanns is a Samoan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Young blamed the fire on human error and said he and his team were committed to rebuilding the car.
This power allows him to use everyday objects in battle against the evil forces of the HOOD.
It's also popular to eat them with ice cream or in milk.
It is the first installment of the American Ring series, and was followed by The Ring Two (2005) and Rings (2017).
Paula Rae Rebstock DNZM (born 1 September 1960) is an Auckland-based consultant and company director who served as the Chair of the New Zealand Commerce Commission until March 2009.
Peter Glemser (born 12 December 1940) is a former German cyclist.
Cordeauxia edulis is a plant in the Fabaceae family and the sole species in the genus Cordeauxia.
Pat Munday is an American environmentalist, writer, and college professor living in Butte, Montana.
Before entering administration she was a professor of education, specializing in early childhood.
It was released on Columbia Records in 1973.
The takeover quickly gained national media attention.
Nexus Polaris is the second studio album by the Norwegian black metal band, The Kovenant, and was released in 1998 through Nuclear Blast.
The Q4, Q5, Q84, and Q85 routes were operated by Bee-Line Inc. and later the North Shore Bus Company until 1947.
The denomination 235 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
The Meeting of Art and ScienceChadha has acted as an academic adviser to HM Treasury, the Treasury Select Committee and other policy-making institutions outside the UK.
It lasted until 28 June 1929, and was survived by Labor's Telemark Arbeiderblad.
Dr. Vijayalakshmi Navaneethakrishnan and Dr. Navaneethakrishnan have co-authored eleven books on different subjects related to the field.
The flexibility of the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) game rules means that Dungeon Masters (DM) are free to create their own fantasy campaign settings.
Her lifestyle was that of a wanderer or vagabond who used her magic to support herself.
The Research Laboratory for Archeology and the History of Art (RLAHA) is a laboratory at the University of Oxford, England which develops and applies scientific methods to the study of the past.
Forty-and-eights (French: Quarante et huit, typically written 40/8 or 40&8) were French 4-wheel covered goods wagons designed to hold 40 men or eight horses.
Rodney Dale Clawson (born in Gruver, Texas, United States) is an American country music songwriter.
Catherine A. Roberts (born Feb.5, 1965 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American applied mathematician, the Executive Director of the American Mathematical Society, and a professor of mathematics at the College of the Holy Cross.
Carr's direct appeal for relief to William Edmeston, on the grounds of old age and a "State of absolute Penury", was equally without success.
Fossils have been found in the Agua de la Piedra Formation.
Life Gamble, also known as Life Combat, is a 1979 Hong Kong Wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and starring the Venoms, Kara Hui and Alexander Fu Sheng.
In 1993, he succeeded to his father's viscountcy.
At present more than 8000 schools are affiliated with the Board.
NGC 6242 is an open cluster in the constellation Scorpius.
During the fourth episode, three new Survivors joined the group.
It is notable as a common cause of lethal cattle poisoning in this region and is considered one of the 'big 6' toxic plants of cattle in South Africa.
A single, a version of "Nature", the 1968 song by the Fourmyula, reached No.4 on the New Zealand singles chart.
He was drafted by the Eskimos in the third round of the 2004 CFL Draft.
The song has been described as highly influential in the development of thrash metal or speed metal, and is highly regarded by some critics; AllMusic's Steve Huey called it a classic and the album "the pinnacle of speed metal".
Before his first professional contract he played with Boroughmuir and East Kilbride rugby clubs.
A worn tire can often be retreaded.
Villa Gregoriana consists mainly of thick woodlands with paths that lead to the caves of Neptune and the Sirens, which form part of a series of gorges and cascades, and to the Great Waterfall.
M. A. Maleque is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the incumbent Member of Parliament from Dhaka-20.
Impact investors actively seek to place capital in businesses, nonprofits, and funds in industries such as renewable energy, basic services including housing, healthcare, and education, microfinance, and sustainable agriculture.
While the Israeli official position is neutrality in the conflict, Israel is opposed to Iran's presence in Syria.
In some instances the pain is consensual and self-induced.
The film was directed by Sherry Shourds and produced by Saul Elkins.
Clarence Pinkston took silver and Louis Balbach won bronze, making a full American podium.
Its hotline continues to be funded by the Home Office and is now operated by the anti-hate-crime LGBT charity Galop.
The Villa Schmitz is a historic mansion in Nice, Alpes-Maritimes, France.
At the census if 2002 its population was 59 inhabitants in 8 households.
General elections were held in Chile on 17 November 2013, including presidential, parliamentary and regional elections.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 3.940.
Inclusion on the list should be reserved for notable people who have resided in Salina in the past and present and who currently have a Wikipedia article.
The lesions are located on the palate and are caused by trauma.
It aims to "publish a high standard of articles about all aspects of software development".
Gameplay is a city-builder game viewed in a top-down isometric view with multiple levels of height, allowing the landscape to boast large hilly areas and deep caverns, and allowing the player to build tall structures, either high in the air, or deep under the ground; beginning a new game, the player has the option of choosing from a number of different biomes such as Grass, Desert, Snow, and so on, with each possessing their own qualities (bananas and radishes can only grow in a jungle biome but it can also generate hostile frogmen, cacti can only grow on a desert biome but they can generate giant scorpions, and so on).
The company ran successfully until the 1930s.
It orbits its parent star at only 0.48 astronomical units away, and at its distance it completes an orbit once every 124.91 days.
He made one trip to the USA where he attended solar and wind energy courses at Solar Energy International in Colorado, USA.
The present incumbent of that Ministry is Mrs. Dolores Delgado, an independent judge in a government of the Spanish Socialist Workers Party (PSOE).
The film stars Freddie Highmore, Odeya Rush, Haley Joel Osment, Christopher Meloni, and Marg Helgenberger.
Adam Saif Ismail (1957-) is a Yemeni actor best known for his comic character Dehbash in the TV series Hekayat Dehbash.
In this episode Lord Eddard Stark, the new Hand of the King, investigates the sudden death of his predecessor.
She became Principal of the Sir Henry Doulton School of Sculpture, Stoke-on-Trent in 1991.
It is named after the Daughters of the American Revolution and is located east of Banning State Park.
Forres railway station serves the town of Forres, Moray in Scotland.
The earliest recorded match on the ground was in 1889 between the Gentlemen of Devon and Somerset.
The following area was declared as a sanctuary on 26 February 1954, under the Punjab Birds and Wild Animals Protection Act of 1933.
Television Studios, Inc. (stylized as fox21 television studios.) is an American television production company that is a subsidiary of 20th Century Fox's Fox Entertainment Group and a division of 20th Century Fox Television.
Quintus Ancharius was a senator of Ancient Rome.
Atomic oxygen, which is the most prevalent atomic species encountered in low earth orbit, is highly reactive with plastics and some metals, causing severe erosion.
He was first elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Nilphamari-2 in the 2001 general election.
Osborne can still be found to this day sitting in Queen's Students' Union on his dedicated retirement chair.
A biomaterial that is biocompatible or suitable for one application may not be biocompatible in another.
He later obtained a Master of Laws degree from New York University.
The area consists mostly of farmland and is traversed from east to west by the main A477 road leading to south Pembrokeshire and the Pembroke Dock ferry port, crossed at Red Roses by the B4314 running southeastwards from the county boundary at Tavernspite to the seaside resort of Pendine Sands.
Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology St. John's SeminaryCurrently, the BTI is led by Ann McClenahan as its executive director.
Rosen was the oldest rookie in the history of the Paralympic Winter Games when he made his debut at 41.
It served large city destinations, such as Pekanbaru, Medan, Semarang, Palembang, Batam and Bandung.
The company was founded in 1999 by its chief executive, Dr Daryl Ludger Fernandes.
She is also a faculty member of the Health Law, Bioethics and Human Rights department at the Boston University School of Public Health.
Gamers.com, Hsu spent 12 years working for EGM before announcing his April 25, 2008 departure from the 1UP Network.
The Minister of State for Employment and Small Business is a junior ministerial post in the Department of Business, Enterprise and Innovation of the Government of Ireland.
As a player, he was one of Waikato's longest-serving players, having played 140 games for the province - a record at the time.
A field-reversed configuration (FRC) is a device developed for magnetic confinement fusion research that confines a plasma on closed magnetic field lines without a central penetration.
She is currently the program director of the Symbolic Systems Biology group at SRI International.
Pandora's Clock (also known as Doomsday Virus) is a 1996 NBC miniseries based on a novel by John J. Nance about a deadly virus on a Boeing 747-200 from Frankfurt to John F. Kennedy International Airport.
A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, he represented District 26B, which includes portions of Olmsted County in the southeastern part of the state.
The courts become particularly relevant when petitioners have grounds to file suit.
She resides in Tucson, Arizona.
For more information on this creation, see the Viscount Craigavon.
The cartridge format also provided limitations, as the storage capacity was significantly less than that of a CD-ROM.
Koanophyllon dolicholepis is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.
The Protist is a California based electronic/dance band, formed in 2007 by brothers Matt and Justin Kleiner.
They have been compared to Lamb of God and The Black Dahlia Murder.
Lincoln Borglum, who became the first superintendent of Mount Rushmore after the death of his father in 1941, was a member of Battle River Masonic Lodge No.
Near the conclusion of the race, a horrific accident (or the sound effects thereof) demolishes all the cars, a horse's whinny is heard, and Weaver announces the winner...
An uncredited cameo appearance is made by Jim Belushi.
Whetters won the professional Goulburn to Sydney Classic in 1973 run in reverse direction from Hoxton Park to Goulburn and twice set the fastest time in 1973 and in 1969 run in reverse direction from Milperra to Goulburn.
This compilation is Criterion's first, and currently only, music video compilation.
Lovelock Cave is one of the most important classic sites of the Great Basin region because the conditions of the cave are conducive to the preservation of organic and inorganic material.
He was responsible for the conceptualization and development of Marine GIS.
Windsor Hills is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.
Based in Vejle, Denmark, Gumlink operates through various partnerships all over the world.
Her mother was actress Linda Estrella.
On March 27, Skala announced that he had settled the cases against him (including one filed in a Canadian court as well as the US case) out of court and that Jansson was close to doing the same, with an agreement to stop distributing the essay and software and assign its copyrights to the plaintiffs.
He previously had played for Weber State University and Pacifica High School in Garden Grove, California.
Group 3 of the UEFA Women's Euro 2017 qualifying competition consisted of five teams: France, Ukraine, Romania, Greece, and Albania.
In addition to their original releases, some of the recordings have been reissued on vinyl and audio-cassette.
Over time, many "Carpenter Arms" were converted into other businesses and even private homes.
The Hubbard House is a historic house in Nashville, Tennessee, U.S..
The BT11 was also raced in the popular off season Tasman Series.
San Fernando District is one of nine districts of the province Rioja in Peru.
American Chillers and Michigan Chillers are a series of horror novels for children written by author Johnathan Rand.
The school, located on the eastern side of Portsmouth on Dundas Lane, opposite Ocean retail park and running parallel to the Eastern Road, is situated next to Langstone Harbor, and was constructed on a green field site.
The club has benefited by granting honorary memberships to people who would not normally fit its criteria for membership.
She is the holder of Ashbourne Cup and league honors with UCC.
Let's Go Back is a nostalgia-based game show that tested contestants' knowledge of pop culture from 1950 to 1989.
He won a gold medal at the 2011 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament and a bronze at the 2012 IIHF World U18 Championships.
Babble was re-launched in 2006 by Allan Howes and Simon Lewis who bought out the service from its parent and floated on the London Stock Exchange (Ofex: BABO).
Tubby-related protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TULP1 gene.
The station operated for 100 years, being opened in 1865 and closing as part of the Beeching cuts in March 1965.The defunct railway was lifted in 1966 and the station building was demolished in 1974; a housing development now occupies the site.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,045; it was the least populous county in Alabama.
Minuscule 617 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), O 13 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment.
During the 1913 and 1914 season the team played as the Springfield Watchmakers and disbanded.
Epichoristodes ypsilon is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
It is situated on Tosa d'Alp mountain.
It contains only one species, Strophalingias allactica, which is found in India (Sikkim).
These spots reveal whether or not the object has accelerated or decelerated.
Hunter wrote Christian adventure novels which sold thousands of copies in Canada and the USA.
The name of the stable derives from their affiliation with the original independent Extreme Championship Wrestling promotion, with "ECW Originals" being wrestlers who first came to prominence during the first ECW's run.
The company was owned by Dennis Riordan.
It was constructed by iron-maker Richard Turner, who would later also build the Palm House at Kew.
An option that may be specified during creation of the event object changes the behavior of SetEvent so that only a single thread is released and the state is automatically returned to false after that thread is released.
Dominik Popp (born 20 April 1995) is an Austrian footballer who last played for WSG Wattens.
The Marquam Manor is a historic residential building located at 3211 SW 10th Avenue in Southwest Portland, Oregon.
An Island in the Moon is the name generally assigned to an untitled, unfinished prose satire by William Blake, written in late 1784.
Environmentalists have criticized the tax for artificially blocking Spain from continuing its long standing movement to renewable energy production.
She has been working in daytime since 1979.
He retired in 2013 as professor of astronomy and physics from Pima College - East Campus in Tucson, Arizona.
Alternative formats are created to help people who are blind or visual impaired to gain assess to their personal and leisure information either by sight (large print), by ear (audio) or by touch (braille).
The name Onewhero translates from Maori as "Red Earth", which describes the soil color typical in the Franklin region.
Electropop is a song released from the electronic dance group Jupiter Rising's album Electropop.
The community is located about five miles east of Willow Springs on Missouri Route U just south of US Route 60.
The Szaraz SD-1A Daphne is a homebuilt aircraft that was designed for efficiency competitions.
While some jurisdictions equate the culpability of gross negligence with that of recklessness, most differentiate it from simple negligence in its degree.
The runway is just northeast of the village of Wazagal.
He is the Member of parliament for the Ofoase-Ayirebi constituency.
The (input) excitations to the structure are not measured but are assumed to be 'ambient' ('broadband random').
Kalirin was first identified in 1997 as a protein interacting with huntingtin-associated protein 1.
It did not contest the 2009 elections.
In 1896 Johnson served on a committee of the West Virginia Academy of Science to inquire into forest protection and draft legislation to set aside forest reservations in the state.
Chun Guek Lay is the inaugural winner in this category for her performance in Focus.
Magic Palayok (International title: Magic Pot) is a 2011 Philippine television drama fantasy comedy series broadcast by GMA Network.
Sharing Kennedy's affinity for informal advisory arrangements, President Johnson let the NSC structure atrophy still further and, like his predecessor, relied instead on the National Security Adviser and his staff and various ad hoc groups and trusted friends.
Kim Wilde is the eponymous debut studio album by British singer Kim Wilde, released in June 29, 1981 via the RAK label.
1965-66 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 56 teams divided in 7 pools, The four first teams of each pool and the better for classified fifth were qualified for the "last 32".
The single reached #58 on the US Country chart in 1973.
Oswald is a surname of Scottish, northern English and German provenance.
The earliest colonists of Massachusetts Bay Colony used it, and rendered it wider by driving cattle along it.
Studies have found various characteristics of common memories of odor memory including persistence and high resistance to interference.
For the occasion, the statutory limits of the membership of the Order of the Star of India and the Order of the Indian Empire were increased and many appointments were made to these and other orders.
100 Welsh Heroes was an opinion poll run in Wales as a response to the BBC's 100 Greatest Britons poll of 2002.
Conclusive dates for the site's occupation have not been determined; one survey concluded that occupation began around 1200 CE and continued until at least 1400.
In February 2011, Western Gulf Advisory and Ahsan Ali Syed purchased the Racing de Santander football club in Spain.
It published its own newspaper, The Thunderbolt.
Perasia helvina is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Destroyer Squadron 26 (DESRON-26) is a destroyer squadron of the United States Navy.
The album was released whilst Masekela was still in school.
It is part of the Jiuquan prefecture-level city.
Nothopanus is a genus of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family.
Most inflectional irregularities arise as a result of series of fairly uniform historical changes so forms that appear to be irregular from a synchronic (contemporary) point of view may be seen as following more regular patterns when the verbs are analyzed from a diachronic (historical linguistic) viewpoint.
It was included as a contributing property in the Greenwood Park Plats Historic District and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
There was a conspiracy against then president Ranasingha Premadasa to bring impeachment.
Markman attended the University of Southern California as an undergraduate and the New York University School of Medicine.
During the show, Tango was considered the rough, yet sensitive suitor.
Figures shown in the spending request do not reflect the actual appropriations for Fiscal Year 2002, which must be authorized by Congress.
In 1993, Rattray was let go from the series and Byrne returned to the role.
The Texas Legislature passed a law in 1923 that allowed political parties to make their own rules for their primaries.
Yasui v. United States was a companion case decided the same day.
The 23rd Special Tactics Squadron (23rd STS) is one of the Special Tactics units of the United States Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC).
Murdoch's father John Murdoch was tenant and millwright at Bello Mill, which he had taken over in 1754.
Included in the book are collections of Desert Father sayings, most of which have no parallel in the Apophthegmata Patrum.
He was the son of Ali ibn al-Layth and nephew of the first two Saffarid rulers, Ya'qub ibn al-Layth and Amr ibn al-Layth.
Hailing from Puttur in Coastal Karnataka, Shobha became associated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh at a very early age, one of the many women full-time workers of the Sangh parivar.
Choragus sheppardi is a species of beetle in family Anthribidae.
James Fiorentino is an American painter and illustrator who is known for his work in sports art and receiving celebrity autographs and endorsements.
The tower is constructed on a narrow pedestal.
The Malviya Nagar Metro Station is located on the Yellow Line of the Delhi Metro.
The University has one college, sixteen schools, eight research institutes, forty-nine undergraduate degree programs, twenty-eight master's degree programs and more than seventeen thousand full-time students.
On February 15, 1900, the government was defeated following a vote on a motion of no confidence which was supported by the Liberals and several Tories.
Grass Lake School was originally a one-room schoolhouse that served Lake County in the late 19th century; instead of closing, like so many of its counterparts, the main building was built up soon after the end of World War II came about; additions to the schoolhouse in the 1970s' allowed the new district to give rise to a full-fledged grade school.
The Portrait of Lorenzo di Credi is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Perugino, dating to around 1504 and housed in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC, United States.
It was withdrawn worldwide in the 1980s after postmarketing reports of severe gastrointestinal bleeding.
Fallout was a heavy metal band formed in 1979 based out of Brooklyn, New York, USA.
Insiders in the program cited problems in communication, organization, and integration.
On film, St. John portrayed a princess being courted by Cary Grant in the 1953 film Dream Wife.
They were captained by Harbhajan Singh who had taken over the captaincy from Sachin Tendulkar.
The plant occurs in openings in coniferous forest habitats.
As Israel controls most of the territory claimed by the PNA as constituting the State of Palestine, most missions to the latter are officially termed Representative Offices due to Israel not recognizing a Palestinian state, although a wide variety of nomenclature is employed.
He constructs steel and nylon string acoustic guitars.
Craig Ramsay was the last the head coach of the Thrashers.
Parts of its remains are now found in Cagliari, as well as in the island of Sa Illetta.
Many scholars stated that the riots were pre-planned, and that the Hindu rioters were granted access to information about the locations of Muslim homes and businesses through sources that were not public.
Some of the artists he has opened for include David Allan Coe, Ronnie McDowell and Jerry Reed.
The 1904 New York Giants season was the 22nd season in franchise history.
Its population was 13,880 in 2009.
Further officials can be authorized depending on the level and form of the game.
Simada is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.
He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India in 1977 from Jhargram constituency in West Bengal.
Their students included Barry Levinson, Craig T. Nelson, Barbara Parkins, and Don Johnson.
Queen's College is situated at the foot of the Stormberg Mountains in the Eastern Cape town of Queenstown.
In 1994 he was made a Member of the Order of Canada.
The union organized in the white-collar sector in the City of London and across the country, and had particular success in recruiting in the engineering industry.
The Hertfordshire Cheetahs (formerly the Watford Cheetahs and Chiltern Cheetahs) are an American football team based in St Albans, competing in SFC 2 East of the BAFA National Leagues (BAFANL), with their home games played at St Albans Rugby Club.
Brother Tom is a 1986 Australian television miniseries about sectarianism in a small country town.
He placed third in the men's long jump at the 2012 World Junior Championships.
The show is part of MTV's strategy to focus more on original music.
The small busses and one-way route was well suited for the narrow and often one-way streets of inner Copenhagen (Indre By).
Fred Berthold is an American theologian, currently the Preston Kelsey Professor of Religion, Emeritus, at Dartmouth College, in Hanover, New Hampshire.
Organization 731 Signal Squadron is composed of a unit headquarters and two troops - Maintenance Troop and Information Systems Troop.
His first club was Caravel.
The SS City of Milwaukee is a Great Lakes railroad car ferry that once plied Lake Michigan, often between Muskegon, Michigan and Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Knowledge of the existence of these groups comes mostly from infrequent and sometimes violent encounters with neighboring tribes, and from aerial footage.
Packet loss concealment (PLC) is a technique to mask the effects of packet loss in voice over IP (VoIP) communications.
This alkali metal halide is composed of rubidium and chlorine, and finds diverse uses ranging from electrochemistry to molecular biology.
The encoded protein is found associated with the membrane inside the endoplasmic reticulum of natural killer and cytotoxic T-cells.
Yeongsimi is Korean animation produced by Bae Geum-taek.
Its fossil range is from the early-Paleocene up to the early Bartonian (early Eocene).
In 2003, the album was re-titled and re-released as Greatest Hits Live (see below).
Evan Brown is an American football center for the New York Giants.
Nightmare disorder, also known as 'dream anxiety disorder', is a sleep disorder characterized by frequent nightmares.
He has been the foreign editor of The Australian newspaper since 1992.
Mankachar is also part of Dhubri Lok Sabha constituency.
Some of his publications revolve around conspiracy theories.
Wren believed his character had become "fully flesher-out".
It is found in Algeria and Tunisia (and perhaps Morocco).
The planet does not transit its host star, which will make atmospheric characterization very difficult until larger telescopes like the European Extremely Large Telescope or the James Webb Space Telescope come online.
Chancellor is a hybrid wine grape variety produced by Albert Seibel c. 1860.
An Examination of the Right to Coerce and the Duty to Obey is a book by University of Colorado philosophy professor Michael Huemer released in January 2013.
He is the director of Crimes against Children Research Center, Co-Director of the Family Research Laboratory and Professor of Sociology at the University of New Hampshire.
Until the Second World War the stela was in the Egyptian Museum in Berlin, but was destroyed in the war.
The primary objective of New Federalism, unlike that of the eighteenth-century political philosophy of Federalism, is the restoration to the states of some of the autonomy and power which they lost to the federal government as a consequence of President Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal.
Sam Ramsamy OIS (born 27 January 1938) is an educator, activist and sports administrator from South Africa.
He was often overlooked due to his more talented and successful younger brother, Graciano Rocchigiani.
However, despite its large black population it was also the last country in the western hemisphere to abolish slavery, in 1888.
It was written by Kanye West, who also appears as a featured artist on it, and Harold Lilly, while production was handled by the former.
Most churches participate in local and state associations as well as this national/general body.
CJED-FM is a radio station in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.
As well as several notable alumni, many chaplains have proceeded to hold influential positions within their respective denominations.
It is an umbrella organization that represents advice organizations throughout the world.
The MONA or Hodges number for Matigramma pulverilinea is 8679.
Grid GridCase 1535EXP is a rugged laptop with a 80386 CPU, an optional 80387 floating point processor and up to 8 Mbyte of DRAM designed for NASA to be used in space.
Mistress of the Robes is the senior lady in the royal household of the United Kingdom.
Select 1 was shipped in May 2002, with Select 2 following in November 2002 and the final release of Select 3 in June 2004.
The campus was purchased by the city of Campbell on August 1, 1985, and is now used as a community center.
It flows west, both above ground and through culverts before discharging into Cerrito Creek in Creekside Park, on the north side of Albany Hill near San Francisco Bay.
These teaching methods were brought over to the United States where the first school for the deaf was established in 1817.
First editions of many modern books, especially genre fiction, are issued in paperback.
The Coral Gables Police and Fire Station (also known as the City of Coral Gables Public Safety Building) is a historic site in Coral Gables, Florida.
Magic in Anglo-Saxon England refers to the belief and practice of magic by the Anglo-Saxons between the fifth and eleventh centuries AD in Early Medieval England.
Physicians and scientists are often labeled as adherents of the medical model by Deaf individuals, who contrast it with their own cultural model.
Geobiology applies the principles and methods of biology and geology to the study of the ancient history of the co-evolution of life and Earth as well as the role of life in the modern world.
On the way many more demonstrators joined in, and eventually the disturbance became increasingly violent spreading across the city.
Otterbeen was a Belgian athlete.
Sam Schweingruber is a Swiss football coach.
The Prada II has support for the Prada Link, which is bluetooth watch that allows information on incoming phone calls or text messages, the phone's alarm, or the world time clock.
Under pressure from their northern enemies, the Saxons, they were first able to infiltrate the left bank of the Rhine in 274 AD.
For the second season, Schnapp and Keery were promoted to series regulars, along with the additions of Sadie Sink, Dacre Montgomery, Sean Astin and Paul Reiser.
The group then released a single, "Alleyways" in early 2013.The band's first album, A Drug Called Tradition, was released in May 2014, accompanied by a single, "Misty Morning".
It had a population of 8,089 at the 2001 census, which was estimated to have increased to 8,600 by 2005.
The eminent surgeon John Burns was one of the passengers killed in the accident.
In addition, he was also involved in matters of standards and practices, and co-authored NBC News Policies and Guidelines.
Greek settlement in the Philippines is a small community of descendants of ethnic Greeks who settled the country since the Spanish colonization of the country.
Its name is Latin for lizard.
As a very general term it is only used in the medical literature when a more precise description of the condition is unavailable.
Lanza was elected State Senator in the November 2006 election.
It was the second year in a row that Canterbury qualified for the final and the first time that an Air New Zealand Cup final was held at AMI Stadium.
Over a million patients have been served with the CFW shops franchise, however, this million is only a fraction of patients requiring medication in developing countries.
Backbone is the second album by jazz saxophonist Boney James, released in 1994.
IFPI consists of music associations of 70 countries.
Pomfret is ranked in the top 20 of similarly sized U.S. boarding schools, in the top 50 of all U.S. boarding schools, and has been recognized as one of the "Most Beautiful Boarding Schools Around the World."
It was played only in 2011 at the Kimberley Golf Club in Kimberley, Northern Cape, South Africa.
Bottom Liners is a one-panel comic strip devised by cartoonists Eric and Bill Teitelbaum.
It has also developed outside the Hong Kong mainstream and the censorship of the People's Republic of China in the mainland.
In 1948, the Cane Belt was merged into the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railway.
As of December 2009 the album has sold over 100,000 units.
The album art is a painting, presumably by Takeda.
In all of his other appearances, he is either in his smoke form or the smoke in the form of a dead person.
Inodrillia avira is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
In 1919 a high wind overcame the mill's braking mechanism and the sails spun out of control, causing the mill to be burnt out.
Mutiny in the Big House is a 1939 American film directed by William Nigh.
The locals set forth a hungry baby buffalo with its small horns ground to be as sharp as knives.
Other works of Wight's were added by his former students, Hedley Bull and Carsten Holbraad, and a combined volume was published in 1978, six years after Wight's death.
Colloquially known as 'Richo', he also won the Bathurst 24 Hour in 2002.
It is the first episode of a two-part story; the concluding episode, "Doomsday", was first broadcast on 8 July.
John S. Dauwalter House is a historic home located at Boonville, Cooper County, Missouri.
The family includes 14 species in seven genera.
Most of our knowledge of the hyolithids comes from studies on the Hyolithida.
Man with a Gun (also known as Hired for Killing) is a 1995 Canadian crime-thriller film directed by David Wyles and starring Michael Madsen, Jennifer Tilly, Gary Busey and Robert Loggia.
It is a follow-up to Selig's television series Small Potatoes.
In 1995 she was named Outstanding Researcher of the Year at the University of Nevada, Reno.
The unique appearance of the Highlander comes from the deliberate cross between the Desert Lynx and the Jungle Curl breeds, also recently developed.
Srinivasa Murty is an Institute Professor and Girija & R. Muralidharan Chair Professor at the Department of Metallurgical and Materials Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Madras and is also currently the Head of the Department.
A limited subset of the CPU time categorization is also accessible through the Task Manager, which can display CPU usage by CPU, and categorized by time spent in user vs. kernel code.
These were directly related to the Suzuki RM series (Racing Model) range of motocross racers.
All Nighter is a 2017 American comedy film directed by Gavin Wiesen and written by Seth W. Owen.
He was portrayed by Ryan O'Neal.
According to Moccia, these values are those of the "civilization of farmers", which he believes are being lost in modern society.
Based in the UK, SSAT operates worldwide through its international arm, iNet.
Speed Buggy lasted for one season with a total of sixteen episodes.
The writing shows that he clearly had access to the Russian government and its officials at high levels.
Frugo is a brand of fruit drinks, developed by Alima Gerber and Damian G, now owned by FoodCare Poland.
Iqlaque Fakir Mohammed Shaikh is a 29-year-old of New Mangalwar Peth, India.
Tavi is mentioned in several instances in the Mishnah.
His SPD-led coalition was re-elected in the 2006 elections; after the 2011 elections the SPD's coalition partner changed from the Left to the Christian Democratic Union.
The Heart of Europe Bio-Crystallography Meeting (short HEC-Meeting) is an annual academic conference on structural biology, in particular protein crystallography.
Its humor was derived from "paleness" of both Gaffigan and O'Brien, as well as from portraying Conan as a weakling to poke fun at the real-life TV host on his own show.
Released in 1990, it topped the jazz charts in the same year, and crossed over to the pop charts as well, selling over 2 million copies worldwide.
Hathorn (1780-1856) was a Maine philanthropist who made large donations to the founding of Bates College, Maine Central Institute, and the University of Maine.
Green Meadows is an unincorporated community in Moral Township, Shelby County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Third, a public inquiry generally takes longer to report and costs more on account of its public nature.
The playing space is a dark blue vertical frame, held upright by two detachable black feet, with 11 x 11 square holes with 75 wooden block lettered playing pieces available to place within that frame.
Clean Power Finance operates the CPF Market, an online business-to-business platform that connects institutional investors and lenders with residential solar professionals who need solar finance products to grow their businesses.
In 1725, Jacob Gottschalk met with sixteen other ministers from southeastern Pennsylvania and adopted the Confession.
Robert Terry McDonell (born August 1, 1944) is the former editor of the Time Inc. Sports Group.
According to the 2001 Ukrainian Census, there were 91,548 ethnic Greeks in Ukraine, or 0.2% of the population.
Jonathan Glazer (born 26 March 1965) is an English filmmaker, whose directing work includes feature films, music videos and advertisements.
Originally a one-room cabin built by Fred Seaman, George Ryan, who became Sumner's first mayor in 1891, bought the property in 1872.
This Village is located on the road linking Samalkot to prathipadu.
The RAF Association currently has a membership of over 65,500 includes serving RAF personnel, veterans and non-service individuals.
To him belongs the U-j tomb found in the royal cemetery of Abydos where Thinite kings were buried.
Conception is a compilation album issued by Prestige Records in 1956 as PRLP 7013, featuring Miles Davis on a number of tracks.
It competed in five World Championship Grands Prix, with a total of seven individual entries.
The company works with single, tandem, and tridem drive axles as well as front and trailer suspensions.
Kennedy Heights shares its border with Pleasant Ridge and Silverton.
Abelsonite is a nickel porphyrin mineral with chemical formula C31H32N4Ni.
The band released three studio albums Schmack!
It is about a teen and his best friend who become involved in a plot to murder an old woman, to collect her life insurance as a means to escape their troubled family lives.
He studied at the London Film School (formerly London International Film School) where he graduated in 2001 with his short film Babysitting.
Salamanca District is one of eight districts of the province Condesuyos in Peru.
Nexus is an American comic book series created by writer Mike Baron and penciler Steve Rude in 1981.
He came to the 1964 Olympics as a national champion and a bronze medalist of the 1963 European Championships, but was injured in the opening bout and had to withdraw.
It consistently remained in top five in the TRP chart.
Scopula crassipuncta is a moth of the family Geometridae.
He served in several shadow ministerial positions, including Transport Secretary and Immigration Minister.
Markaziy Harbiy Sportklubi Army Stadium, commonly known as the MHSK Stadium was a multi-use stadium in the Chilanzar area of Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
Rutland Senior Secondary School (RSS) is part of School District 23 Central Okanagan (SD#23) in Kelowna, British Columbia.
This was Vermont's last season with an NCAA program.
Plectrobrachis is a genus of flies in the family Pyrgotidae.
Pavilion Insurance was a Coventry based marketing company offering insurance solutions through the internet, powered by its own internally developed software.
Orange Socks is the informal name given to an American unidentified female who was murdered on October 31, 1979 in Georgetown, Texas.
Updated as of 15 July 2018.
For the second session, the tenor sax was Rollins alone, the piano was Tommy Flanagan, the bass Paul Chambers and Art Taylor on drums.
Acmaeodera amplicollis is a species of metallic wood-boring beetle in the family Buprestidae.
The film, based on the novel The Hangover Murders, is about the investigation of the murder of one of a group of friends.
The newspaper plant occupied the first six stories.
It first assembled on 14 June 1831 and was dissolved on 3 December 1832.
His best finishes were a pair of T-6 at the 1983 Marlboro Classic and the 1984 du Maurier Champions.
The existence of the Colorado Central and Pacific Railroad prompted the citizens of Denver to incorporate the Denver Pacific Railroad on November 19, 1867.
Many competing terms have been proposed that focus on different aspects of this societal development.
A majority of the programming is broadcast in Amharic, the official federal language of the government of Ethiopia.
Chuck's death also deeply affects Kim and Howard, who are at odds in a legal battle.
The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon is a 2013 book written by journalist Brad Stone.
Nele D'Haene (born 13 February 1960) is a former Belgian racing cyclist.
The Care Bears Movie received mixed reviews from critics, who raised concern over its potential as a full-length advertisement for the title characters among other aspects.
In early 2006, after Cookies dissolved, Kary released a solo album entitled With a Boy Like You; which followed the same rock vibe as Ping Pung's rock music.
The all-time record-holders are Bandon, who have won a total of 16 titles.
It is a short, strong fasciculus, passing from the lateral surface of the talus, immediately beneath its fibular facet to the lateral surface of the calcaneus.
The mall then saw a major expansion in the late 1980s, when the main portion of the mall was added.
This peak was named after Denmark's first woman cabinet minister Nina Bang.
A resident athlete of the United States Olympic Training Center, Saathoff trains under Belarussian-born coach Sergey Luzov for the America's national running target team.
In 1983 Carolyn received an M.S. in industrial engineering from the University of Arizona.
It is the band's biggest hit single to date.
Dibella won a live $1,000 satellite into the $10,000 Main Event and is the first amateur player to win the tournament.
Farebi is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Suresh Issar.
He then suffered a complete loss of sight, and moved to Bristol.
Her work was also part of a group exhibit, "Made in L.A. 2012", at the Hammer Museum, and has been included in the permanent collection of the Orange County Museum of Art.
This restriction would legally require alleged victims of sexual assault to report the crime to the police in order to see justice on campus.
A school of eccentrist cinema emerged from the theater group in the later 20s.
It includes free beaches (or clothing-optional beaches or nude beaches), swimming holes and lakes and some resorts.
In June 1999 it was the world's second fastest computer, and remained among the world's ten fastest computers until November 2001.
Some SoundBlaster cards were manufactured with a port to connect to the CD-ROM drive with this interface.
East Aberthaw Coast is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Vale of Glamorgan, south Wales.
An important application is the vitrification of radioactive waste to obtain a stable compound that is suitable for ultimate disposal.
In this more general view, a storage device is also a kind of channel, which can be sent to (written) and received from (reading ).
LADO represents the rich and diverse regional musical and choreographic traditions of Croatia.
During the Great Depression large parts of Doornfontein were bought up by property speculators and turned into slum housing or "yards".
Axstane was a hundred in the county of Kent, England.
This is a list of steak dishes.
The audiobook of the novel is narrated by Wil Wheaton.
Although many theories have been advance to explain their use, usually around providing a setting for ceremony or ritual, there is no consensus among archeologists as to their intended function.
Instead, New York was ostensibly represented by the New York Majesty (though its stadium was in fact in Reading, Pennsylvania).
The so-called Ara Concordia was located either in or near to the portico.
As of February 2018, these assessment tests are available only in expanded feedback version costing $60 and displays the incorrectly answered questions in addition to the analytics.
Passenger rail service is provided thrice-weekly in each direction by the Sunset Limited and Texas Eagle.
Throughout his pre-Olympic career, Poggi had produced a total of six gold medals in different sailing classes at the Italian national championships (from 2002 to 2008).
The International Society for Science and Religion (ISSR) is a learned society established in 2001 for the purpose of the promotion of education through the support of inter-disciplinary learning and research in the fields of science and religion conducted where possible in an international and multi-faith context.
Simon Best (born 11 February 1978) is a former rugby union footballer.
On the Edge of the World is a 2015 Canadian feature documentary film directed by Charles Wilkinson, and produced by Charles Wilkinson, Tina Schliessler, and Kevin Eastwood for the Knowledge Network.
As of January 11, 2009, Robinson was averaging 16.32 ppg to go along with 3.5 apg and 3.7 rpg, and 32% on threes for NH Ostrava.
Chan is a game designer and CEO of Enlight.
This is one of the three Catholic churches located on the island being the other of the "Conversion of St. Paul" in Windward Side and the "Queen of the Holy Rosary" (Heilige Rozenkranskerk) in the village of Hell's Gate.
Limited is a manufacturer of crisps and corn snacks based in Tandragee, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
It is the sole vertically integrated oil conglomerate of the country.
Mungrisdale is a popular starting point for ascents of the nearby hills, such as Bowscale Fell, Bannerdale Crags and Souther Fell.
After 37 years of recording and performing, Slayer announced in January 2018 that they would embark on their final world tour, which is expected to end in 2019.
The Rye by-election, 1903 was a by-election held in England on 17 March 1903 for the House of Commons constituency of the Rye or Eastern Division of Sussex.
It was located 37.6 km from Adelaide station.
Moe Lake was named for Nels R. Moe, a pioneer farmer who settled there.
The original purpose of the Maltings was the malting of barley for the brewing of beer; local barley, once malted, was sent from here to London and exported to mainland Europe.
The two met at Bennington College and decided to write songs that mocked the popular folk music of the time.
It is represented by isolated lower molars.
Abiding themes are mortality, aging, sexual identity, popular and youth culture and cinema.
The Board is empowered by Saskatchewan's Film and Video Classification Act.
Kaissar Saady al-Juboory is a soldier in the Iraqi Army under investigation in an incident where he shot five and killed two of his U.S. military colleagues during a routine military patrol in Mosul.
It was one of the radio stations that obtained a low-power broadcast license during the FCC's LPFM "window" for applications.
In total the candidates of the party got 24,121 votes (0.91% of the votes in the state).
Eckerstrom resides in Tucson.
Graber competed in two Winter Olympics in the men's doubles event, finishing tied for fifth in 1964 and eighth in 1968.
Her modern design esthetic is known for its bright prints and patterns.
The Municipal District of Bighorn No. 8 is a municipal district situated in Census Division No. 15 of Alberta, Canada.
At the time, Bernard Marcus and Arthur Blank wanted to start a company that eventually became Home Depot.
As an "award", Bestry received an all expenses paid trip to a survival camp.
The state's only law school is the University of North Dakota School of Law, which is another UND affiliate.
Capital punishment is typically carried out by shooting, and occasionally in public.
Malaysian Bar (Malay: Badan Peguam Malaysia) is a professional body which regulates the profession of lawyers in peninsular Malaysia.
Only a limited number of tarsonemid genera (Steneotarsonemus, Polyphagotarsonemus, Phytonemus, Floridotarsonemus and Tarsonemus) are known to feed on higher plants while most species in this family feed on the thin-walled mycelia of fungi or possibly algal bodies.
In 1385 the canons complained of poverty and heavy burdens of hospitality, and recent storms had almost reduced the monastic buildings to ruins.
Lennox has previously played for Queens Park Rangers, Maidenhead United, Concord Rangers, Hayes & Yeading United, Aberdeen and Raith Rovers.
Rachel Mary Rosalind Hurst, CBE is the Director of Disability Awareness in Action (DAA), an international information/research/evidence network, run for and by disabled people.
Some Transformers chose to do away with their old bodies and become smaller; The majority of those who remained looked down on the smaller Micromasters.
The Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League selected Alston in the 10th round of the 1988 NFL Draft.
Byron Glasgow (born 18 February 1979) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder.
He is currently hosting the show You Have Been Warned on Discovery Channel India.
His role was wing.
The name means Ruins of Abarim.
The earliest Seldon Plan demos feature Stahl on drums.
Mimusops caffra (coastal red milkwood, Afrikaans: Kusrooimelkhout, Xhosa: Umthunzi, Sepedi: Mmupudu, Zulu: Umkhakhayi) is a species of tree in family Sapotaceae.
Jia Zhangke (born 24 May 1970) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter.
Since that time, development stalled and no new features have been added or announced.
A court of honor (or court of honor) is an official event constituted to determine various questions of social protocol, breaches of etiquette, and other allegations of breaches of honor, or entitlement to various honors.
It is open as a special events facility.
In 1939, at the outbreak of World War II, a government factory was built on land over this crossing and this had rail connection.
The men's Greco-Roman 59 kg is a competition featured at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan on September 14.
In addition to this he has also won five Leinster medals and ten county club championship medals.
Daugava Riga defeated Chemie Halle to win its sixth trophy in a row.
The usage emanates from the 'clock' feature provided on many VCR's manufactured in the late 1980s or early 1990s.
A referendum on convening a National Assembly to draft a new constitution was held in Estonia between 23 and 25 February 1936.
Software for implant dosimetry was available for the PC12.
The song opened the 1982 film Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl, where it was lip-synched by Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam and Terry Jones dressed as waiters in a performance which, at the suggestion of Python touring member Neil Innes, ended with them revealing their bare backsides.
Published Ottawa text material includes a range of genres, including historical narratives, stories of conflict with other indigenous groups, humorous stories, and others.
There were several minor industries in the hamlet as well.
His long tenure made him the longest-running film critic among major United States newspapers.
Frank Vieira is a retired college baseball head coach who coached the University of New Haven team from 1963 to 2006.
Designed by landscape architect Michel Desvigne of Paris in collaboration with JJR of Chicago, it is named for Sammons Enterprises, Inc., who donated $15 million to the Center.
Wolf Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
Past station managers include Lyall Flett (first manager), Chris Rowland, Roy Woodward, Phil Gully, Phil Stephens, Stella Nicholson, Nigel Newberry, Dan Lewis, Aaron Gillions and Gary Watling.
John William Edward Spilsbury (born 27 October 1933) is a former English cricketer.
The Isle of Wight Coastal Path crosses the chine via the road bridge on the A3055 bridge.
When Rakesh's wife is murdered in her paramour's home, he is the only suspect, Now it is to be seen whether a blind man can pull a perfect murder single-handedly.
Amelometasone (developmental code name TS-410) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
The new Constitution also reduced the number of seats in the Chamber (from 212 to 150) and in the Senate (from 70 to 40 directly elected senators).
All subsequent British destroyers from the River or E class of 1903 to the County class of 1960 used steam turbine machinery.
Currently, RKO Records produces Boomin' Reunion, Stardust Ballroom, and Senior Prom musical audio/video series for distribution by Varese Sarabande Records.
The River and the Bush is a documentary film by John Rowe.
Man on the Run is the sixth studio album by the British band Bush, released on 21 October 2014, through Zuma Rock Records.
Opening with a statement by Gen. Barney M. Giles, reminding the audience that the war can't be won without money to pay for armaments and equipment, the film turns to an overview of Operation Overlord and the necessity for breaking the Atlantic wall.
The Silent House is a 1929 British silent mystery film directed by Walter Forde and starring Mabel Poulton, Gibb McLaughlin and Arthur Pusey.
It went monthly in May 2003 and ceased print publication altogether in September 2007 with Issue 150.
Tomoxia serval is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family.
The player records section includes details of the club's leading goalscorers and those who have made most appearances in first-team competitions, as well as transfer fee records paid and received by the club.
Accidents have variously been attributed to cutbacks in spending on equipment, the lack of maintenance of hardware, and the theft of parts for sale to criminal gangs due to low pay in the services.
The alliance was formed to contest the elections in Republika Srpska, and consists of the Democratic Front, the Union for a Better Future of BiH, the Party of Democratic Action, the Party for Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Croatian Party of Rights, the Diaspora Party of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Posavina Party.
She has also started Femgineer, a blog and teaching platform.
Halenia serpyllifolia is a species of plant in the Gentianaceae family.
Also, when both arms are completely tattooed as part of a full body tattoo, these are usually called sleeve tattoos.
RocksDB is a high performance embedded database for key-value data.
The school's mascot is the mounties or mountaineers.
The Company employs over 1,000 people.
Ellen Rometsch (born September 19, 1936 in Kleinitz, Germany) was rumored to be an East German Communist spy who was assigned on diplomatic cover to the West German embassy in Washington, D.C. during the early 1960s.
It is predominantly a residential area and lies close to Salmaniya.
He started his career painting murals and making novelty 'character' signs.
The glabrous ovary brings the species under Sects.
It is also referred to as Plantation Plain style.
He was the 7th round draft pick (#221 overall) of the Jacksonville Jaguars in the 1997 NFL Draft.
The curly lettering on the album cover became an iconic image for the band and the rave culture of the early 1990s.
Selection Day is a 2016 sports fiction novel written by Booker Prize winner Aravind Adiga.
Originally founded in 1970 to provide training and technical assistance to newly elected African American officials, the Joint Center has since expanded its portfolio to include a range of public policy issues of concern to African-Americans, AAPIs, Latinos, and Native Americans.
The Bettsometer test is often a requirement for the annual 'permit' renewal and is usually carried out by an aircraft inspector who will know the requirements of the test (i.e. the areas of sail and stitching to be tested and the force to be exerted).
It was released on July 28, 2010 through Giza Studio.
Sessue Hayakawa's Haworth Pictures Corporation produced the film and he himself played the lead role.
For a comprehensive list of articles discussing Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Government-Sponsored Enterprises, see Bibliography of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
The pressure plate is held in place by four plastic pins, which when suffient pressure is applied, shear allowing the pressure plate to collapse onto the mine body, triggering the UANU-1 fuze.
He was appointed associate professor in glaciology at the University of Bergen in 1989.
Along with Gary Pearson, he is a cocreator of the sketch comedy series Sunnyside, which premiered in 2015.
Canadian star Patti Lewis had a singing spot about the middle of the show, and Max Geldray a music spot later on.
McAuliffe started the brewery, considered the first American microbrewery in the modern era, in 1976.
Kenya has no single prominent culture that identifies it.
Dakota High School is a public high school located in the Metropolitan Detroit region, situated in the suburb of Macomb Township, Michigan.
The system stores each user's preferences set in a .plist file for each program stored at ~/Library/Preferences for user-specific preferences, and /Library/Preferences/ for global preferences.
In 2011 it had a population of 694.
Such plastics exhibit relatively low mechanical properties and are of low cost.
Nineteen artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1954.
It was extant during the Jurassic Period, as the name suggests.
Osbert of Clare (died in or after 1158) was a monk, elected prior of Westminster Abbey and briefly abbot.
Like other members of the family, they exhibit maternal care of eggs.
An avid golfer, she also was appointed to the Rules Committee of the game.
Nancy Eve Cohen (born 1968 in Chicago) is an American poet and poetry director of the Napa Valley Writers' Conference.
In June 2015, incumbent Governor Ezenwo Wike selected him to serve as his Chief of Staff.
After a day of demonstrations against pass laws, a crowd of about 5,000 to 7,000 protesters went to the police station.
The painting appears to show her being blindfolded indoors, in reality she was executed outdoors and would probably only have been blindfolded after she was led onto the scaffold.
Kendall is now a producer/reporter with the Bangkok Post TV channel, and a host/producer on the travel show "Destination Thailand."
It was described as new to science in 1980 by mycologist Roy Watling, from collections made in France.
People occasionally use In-line skates, skateboards or other similar devices to tour around cities such as London and Paris.
In March 2011, Harlow Hospital Radio won a gold award at the National Hospital Radio Awards, in the Station Promotion category.
Specimens of B. putterilli were once thought to represent young individuals of another larger rhinesuchid such as Uranocentrodon, but the species is now regarded as a paedomorphic taxon, possessing the features of juvenile rhinesuchids into adulthood.
Craig Simon is the brother of former Australian international John Simon.
317 competitors, 254 men and 63 women, took part in 154 events in 19 sports.
Cotton classing is usually organized by governmental agencies for the entire crop grown in their own countries.
It existed as an outlying field of Naval Air Station Squantum and was used by student pilots to gain flight experience on its two 4,000 foot runways.
Launched in May 1978 atop an Atlas-Centaur rocket, the spacecraft was inserted into an elliptical orbit around Venus on December 4, 1978.
The N'Garai are a fictional race found in the Marvel Comics universe.
Home altars often contain a cross or crucifix, in addition to a Bible, a daily devotional, and prayer beads, among other religious articles specific to the individual's Christian denomination, for example, the Anglican Rosary for Episcopalians, the Small Catechism for Lutherans, or an image of the Divine Mercy for Roman Catholics.
A macroscopic quantum state is a state of matter in which macroscopic properties, such as mechanical motion, thermal conductivity, electrical conductivity and viscosity, can be described only by quantum mechanics rather than merely classical mechanics.
The franchise was an expansion franchise that was formed in 1999 and began play as the Manchester Silkworms of Manchester, Connecticut, in the 2000 season.
Sunday Concert was Lightfoot's last recording for United Artists.
Hop Lives is the collaborative album from MC KRS-One and producer Marley Marl.
Angelinoceras is a genus of lituitids from the Middle Ordovician that starts off with an open spiral of about 1.5 strongly compressed whorls followed by a straight orthoconic section that continues to expand for a length about equal to the diameter of the coiled portion before retaining a more or less consistent diameter.
It has a strength of 235 members of whom 234 are democratically elected using the First-past-the-post system.
Narrated by Hugh Ross, the story follows Adaline Bowman, a young woman who stops aging after an accident at the age of 29.
Lakewood Church purchased the building outright in 2010.
It was one of several newspapers founded to help advance the agenda of Daniel O'Connell and was noted for its daily coverage of the effects of the Great Famine.
The European version includes a Greek rendition of "Home Again" and extra live tracks recorded at a press show in Solingen, Germany.
This R1045 road bypasses the northern part of Irinikew Octikwan Lake, crosses the Piponisiw River south of the head lake and heads northeasterly to lake Lacasse and lake Masko Oponapananik.
They were heavily engaged during the Second Battle of Bull Run, participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg, and suffered severe casualties at the Battle of Chancellorsville and the Battle of Gettysburg.
However, spinlocks become wasteful if held for longer durations, as they may prevent other threads from running and require rescheduling.
China Grove Methodist Church is a historic church at Tylertown, Mississippi.
The pregnant female mite feeds upon a single egg of a thrips, growing five to eight female offspring and one male in her body.
Charles Richard McKinney (born November 22, 1946) is an American former professional baseball player.
Thodallullu (English: Co-Brothers) is a 1988 Telugu comedy film, produced by G. V. G. Raju on Vijaya Lakshmi Movies banner and directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao.
Its main servers are located in New York City and Amsterdam; a previous backup location in Iceland is being replaced by the server location in Amsterdam.
He created Japanese lacquerware based on the Maki-e style.
The show premiered on 9 February 2008, with the live finals aired on 3 May 2008 at Malawati Stadium.
In addition to its spiritual importance, the mountain was also an important source of food, medicines, and refuge.
She won 9 of her 23 starts, including the Group 1 Nassau Stakes three times (unequaled), the Yorkshire Oaks, Prix Vermeille and the Breeders' Cup Filly and Mare Turf.
The president is Lauritz Holm-Nielsen and secretary General is Peter Tindemans.
The broadcast FM station had held the WOCG call letters since it was initially licensed by the Federal Communications Commission but on January 4, 2008, the callsign was changed to WJOU.
The Grove is southeast of Beverly and Fairfax.
Colleville-sur-Mer is an abandoned World War II military airfield, which is located near the commune of Carentan in the Normandy region of northern France.
The highest peak is Fan Foel immediately next along the ridge and it is a subsidiary summit of Fan Brycheiniog.
The Omaha and Republican Valley Railway was a branch line of the Union Pacific that crossed Nebraska.
Multiple execution modes, including Standalone, Spark Batch, Spark MLContext, Hadoop Batch, and JMLC.
Can't Buy a Thrill.
Because of their popularity chiefly as an ornamental bird, escapees are common and small feral populations have become established in Western Europe.
He is also Director of Afro-Latin American Research Institute, Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard.
Back to the Minors is a 1998 film, distributed by Warner Bros., written and directed by John Warren.
Justice Anne Mactavish was appointed Chair of the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal in 1998.
In mid-1743 Sultan bin Murshid died while defending the town of Sohar against the Persian force.
The specific epithet honors American mycologist Alexander H. Smith.
Christopher Romulo is a martial arts champion and trainer.
SAT and #3SAT are equivalent and #3SAT is #P-complete as well.
Belleau Creek derives its name from John Batiste Belland, an early settler.
McKegney spent a season in Sweden in 1971-1972 and then mostly with the Dallas Black Hawks from 1972 to 1977.
Henri Boel was born in Tienen in 1931.
The academy will provide free, year-round baseball and softball instruction and other educational services for youth from underserved and urban communities throughout southern Louisiana.
Most red nuggets have merged with other galaxies, but some managed to stay unscathed.
Reginald Arthur Smith wrote Towards A Living Encyclopedia, which offered suggestions for ways to bear out H.G. Wells's proposal for a "world brain".
Its name means "ebony" in German.
Since 2012, Ircle was not compatible with most recent versions of OS X, and no updates were available.
Another possibility for the origin of the name is the work Scheidweiler did on the tree Sorbus aria at the time he described the genus Ariocarpus.
It is a small damselfly; mature males have a white pruinescence over their body, and a dark end to their tail.
Over the course of three years, it enrolled more than 10,000 players who, responding to eccentric flyers plastered all over the city, started the game by receiving their "induction" at the fake headquarters of the Institute, located in an office building in San Francisco's Financial District.
Barry and Geoff Lewington are still active in the transport industry, operating new ventures.
Cockburn Central station is a railway station on the Transperth network.
John Smith (born 12 January 1990) is a South African rower.
Simon Robson is a British actor, director and writer.
The first recording of Edward Elgar's Symphony No 1 was made by the London Symphony Orchestra in 1930, conducted by the composer for His Master's Voice (a label absorbed into the EMI recording group the following year).
Debbie left the group to rear her family and the Perrys were joined by soprano singer Denise Helton.
The basis of the map is to provide Tier 1 and Tier 2 areas for Regional Selective Assistance grants (RSA), recently re-titled as Selective Finance for Investment in the English Regions (SFI), but remaining as RSA in Wales and Scotland, and additionally large areas of the UK, where a lower level of grant aid can also be made available to small and medium enterprises.
In addition to being a composer, Conradus was a friar of the Augustinian order.
The album also achieved a Gold sales certification in the UK for shipping 100,000 copies and was Nicks' third Top 20 album there.
He currently serves as the vice-president for the Houston Professional Musicians Association, and serves on the Advisory Board for the Houston Youth Symphony.
However, it was not until 1832 that the earl re-married, his second wife being the Hon.
The Yiohan was the name of a ship involved in human trafficking.
Prabhakar contested the 1977 Bihar Legislative Assembly election as the Janata Party candidate, winning the Dhanwar seat.
Gripple wire joiner is a device used to join and tension wire, to terminate and suspend wires and wire ropes, and also to support false ceilings, cable baskets, and similar items.
Joseph was the father of Thomas Meredith, a charter member of Good Spring Church.
Many Microsoft server products, such as Active Directory, Microsoft SQL Server, and Microsoft Exchange Server, can be monitored with SCE.
Jalan Besar Salak (Selangor State Route B48) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia.
The union council contains mustard fields.
He also played with the Rochester Rattlers of Major League Lacrosse.
He is described by the film critic Leonard Maltin as "a principled filmmaker who has worked both outside and within the mainstream, attempting to find projects that support his humanistic beliefs".
It was also re-released worldwide on the Wii Virtual Console and Steam.
The tomb was built in 1635.
Trista Mateer is a writer and poet.
It is named after businessman, philanthropist and former football club director / owner Jack Petchey, and has been sponsored by the Jack Petchey Foundation.
She is of Sicilian descent.
The student body has 554 children from grades 9-12 and is predominantly caucasian.
Federica Nicolai (born 2 March 1995) is an Italian professional racing cyclist.
It has a steel retailing network of 520 outlets.
The aircraft is supplied as a kit, for amateur construction.
Raymond Edmunds, also known as the Donvale Rapist and Mr. Stinky, born 12 March 1944 at Queen Victoria Hospital, Melbourne, Australia, is a convicted rapist and double murderer who was active in Victoria, Australia from the 1960s to the mid-1980s.
Enamorada de Ti debuted and peaked at number one on the US Billboard Top Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums charts.
The series is built around the concept of a black family, the Cumberbatch Family, moving into the former Queens home of Archie Bunker years after Bunker had sold the house located at 704 Hauser Street.
He received a Primetime Emmy Award for his work as executive producer/writer on the HBO Original Series Spawn.
The 1994 Toray Pan Pacific Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium in Tokyo in Japan that was part of Tier I of the 1994 WTA Tour.
The song was written by keyboardist Jonathan Cain.
Curby is an unincorporated community in Jennings Township, Crawford County, Indiana.
Bunchosia hartwegiana is a species of plant in the Malpighiaceae family.
Party Line is a 1988 independent slasher film directed by William Webb.
It has been completely replaced by digital terrestrial television and other non-terrestrial means as of the end of 2012.
Tanner Varner (born July 13, 1984) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent.
The Trio No. 1 in B-flat major for piano, violin, and cello, D. 898, was written by Franz Schubert in 1827.
The single-flowered inflorescence grows at the end of a long, very thin peduncle.
It peaked at #9 on Billboard magazine's Hot Country Songs chart for the chart week of June 5, 2005.
Shangri-La Music is a "boutique" label, which is a smaller, more specialized label and offers 360 deals.
As of the 2010 census the population of Coral was 325.
Definers shares at least nine current and former executives, as well as its office space, with America Rising, a Republican-affiliated political action committee, and NTK Network, a digital news aggregator.
Tully's Coffee was well known for once following an expansion strategy of opening stores adjacent to those of the considerably larger coffee chain Starbucks, also based in Seattle.
Head were an English rock band of the late 1980s.
The Sumathi Best Teledrama Cameraman Award is presented annually in Sri Lanka by the Sumathi Group of Campany associated with many commercial brands for the best Sri Lankan cameraman of the year in television screen.
Some species contain pulvinic acid-related pigments; in these species the soredia and pseudocyphellae can be bright yellow.
It serves the local areas of Burrabazar and M.G.road in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
Doris Lew Beck (born 1929) is an American Democratic Party politician who was the first woman to serve as Mayor of Livingston, New Jersey, and the first woman to serve as a Mayor in Essex County, New Jersey.
Robert Whitcomb is an American journalist and author.
This exposure increases the risk of all three main types of skin cancer.
Graylyn Crest is located between Delaware Route 261 and Wilson Road southwest of Silverside Road to the northeast of Wilmington.
In the field of metalworking, a similar process called barreling, or barrel finishing, works upon the same principles.
Prior to 1889, as many as 5 young people's organizations existed in the Methodist Episcopal church, among them: the Methodist Alliance, claiming 20,000 members in 1883; the Oxford League, organized at the Methodist Centennial Conference, with a large chapter at Central Methodist Church; and the Young People's Christian League, among others.
The decision analysis (DA) cycle is the top-level procedure for carrying out a decision analysis.
This can lead to situations in which the largest manufacturers end up with the most shelf space because they have the greatest ability to pay.
Before retiring in 2009, she was the last passenger ship built at a U.S. shipyard that was still in active service.
It was originally built for Orion Network Systems, which merged with Loral Skynet shortly before the satellite was launched.
Its species are found in southeast Asia, New Guinea, and in some of the South-Central and Southwest Pacific island habitats of the Oceania ecozone.
In addition he conducts a weekly interview program on Fox Footy, Open Mike.
She is an campaigner for a peaceful and equitable world, a human rights and social justice advocate, and works to empower women and girls.
Historically the economy of the county has been primarily agricultural, similar to rest of Prince Edward Island.
Khazana Building Museum is a Museum located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
He later attended the University of Hawaii at Manoa.
James Millar (born 21 January 1980) is an award-winning Australian actor, singer and writer.
Kieran Fitzgerald (born 1 January 1981) is an Irish Gaelic footballer.
Degehabur (Somali Dhagaxbuur) is one of the woredas in the Somali Region of Ethiopia.
The stadium holds 8,200 people and opened in 1948.
Nucella, common name dog whelks or dog winkles, is a genus of small to medium-sized predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the subfamily Ocenebrinae which is part of the large family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Frederick Willis Culpitt (9 May 1877 in Southwark St Savior, London; 1944 in Wandsworth, London) was an English stage magician and magic inventor.
Prior to this, Small was Chief Executive of Futurelab, a leading educational R&D organization chaired by Lord Puttnam,which develops radically new approaches to teaching and learning.
The Pearl High School shooting took place on October 1, 1997, at Pearl High School in Pearl, Mississippi in Greater Jackson.
It features six tunes written by Lacy and performed by Lacy, Enrico Rava, Aldo Romano and Kent Carter.
The Semifinalist entered Miss Intercontinental 2010, Top Model of the World 2010 and Reina Hispanoamericana 2010.
Cosmo Klein (born Marcus Klein on November 1, 1978) is a German singer and songwriter.
MacLean reverted to the theme of World War II, with which he was successful and highly popular in his early career.
Centropogon trachyanthus is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family.
Pauatahanui Wildlife Reserve is a wetland reserve located in Pauatahanui and on the eastern edge of the Pauatahanui Inlet of the Porirua Harbor in Porirua, New Zealand.
The review was motivated by the need to correct the errors and shortcomings of the previous review.
Money is collected from investors by way of floating various collective investment schemes, e.g. mutual fund schemes.
The first floor contained four student recitation rooms and four music rooms, there was a chapel on the second floor, and the third floor housed a Masonic Lodge headquarters.
The ASG pursues its objectives through the coordination of its Beach Patrol project, publication of the ASG Bulletin and other seabird material, the organization of symposia on issues affecting seabirds, and the presentation of expert opinion on the management and conservation of seabird populations in Australasia.
Kristiansen (born April 5, 1964) is a former Norwegian ice hockey player.
This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Brisbane in Australian federal elections from the division's creation in 1901 until the present.
The event was held at the Homebush Street Circuit in Sydney Olympic Park, New South Wales, and was scheduled to consist of two races of 125 kilometers and one race of 250 kilometers in length.
Renous-Quarryville is 5 kilometers east of Blackville where the majority of students attend school.
Due to a dispute between the Director-General of New Netherland and the patroonship of Rensselaerswyck regarding jurisdiction over the fort and the surrounding community, the fort and community became an independent municipality, paving the way for the future city of Albany.
The original American hybrid grape parent had found its way to the Madeira Islands early in the 18th century (where it was called Jaquez or Jacquet) and thence to France.
Originally running seventy-three minutes, the studio edited fourteen minutes out of the picture prior to release.
While open to the public, it is an amenity of the Masthope Mountain Community and community property owners receive a season pass as part of their annual community dues.
Teen-pop group Candy was externally selected to represent Georgia with the song "Candy Music".
Eczema herpeticum can be life-threatening in babies.
From 2008 to 2012, Mose Giganticus toured North America, including the Yukon and Alaska, in a waste vegetable oil-fueled tour bus assembled and maintained personally by Garfield.
Indigo Bay Lodge Airport (IATA: IBL) is an airport serving Indigo Bay Lodge, Bazaruto Island, Mozambique.
It is involved in the degeneration of glycosaminoglycans such as dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate.
It was acquired by L-3 Communications on June 3, 2005 and operated as the "Titan Group" of L-3 Communications.
It starred Lee Remick in the title role of Jennie, Lady Randolph Churchill.
Forfar Academy is a comprehensive school serving the community in and around the market town of Forfar, Angus, Scotland.
In 2012 a second find of metalwork, including the second cheek guard, was made at the original site.
They meet for the first time since the war, but it is not certain if they will be allies or enemies.
The band won the world's largest battle of the bands, Emergenza, in 2006.
Described by Smith in 1858, the species is endemic to South America.
Oscar W. Gillespie won the game of lots, the nomination and the following general election, serving in Congress for 8 years.
It is now mostly remembered for the large number of Formula One drivers competing in it.
In 2011, he was appointed Home Secretary of Gujarat.
Sparganothina anopla is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
She is also a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians (FRCP), and a Fellow of the Faculty of Public Health (FFPH).
Having won five seats, the remainder went to independent candidates.
Jad Azkoul is a teacher and concert classical guitarist who was once the student of Abel Carlevaro, and translated much of his work.
The structure was built for Consolidated Natural Gas, a regional energy company.
A structure for EuroMARS was built, but placed in storage for several years due to lack of funding to ship to the Society's UK headquarters, and from there on to Iceland.
Humans cannot be infected by Capripoxviruses.
She was built in just 70 days, under the Emergency Shipbuilding program for World War II.
Archeological Site is a historic site in New Smyrna Beach, Florida, United States.
Augusta Lake was named for a daughter of Henry Hastings Sibley.
It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.
Richard Lindley was an English professional footballer who played as an inside right.
These episodes were aired in early 2007.
As such, the T93/30 was the final F1 car to be raced solely by Scuderia Italia, and is also the last Lola chassis to have started a Grand Prix.
In 2007, the Catfish swept the West Virginia Power in three games to win their first South Atlantic league championship.
Somerton originally had a railway station that opened in 1881 and closed to passengers in 1960.
Acetic acid bacteria are characterized by the ability to convert ethanol to acetic acid in the presence of oxygen.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,418 and it contained 666 housing units.
He finished his M.A. and Ph.D. there.
They then played against Latvia in the 2009 European Bowl winning the contest 40-6.
Vertical video was historically shunned by professional video creators, marketers and creative agencies because it didn't fit the aspect ratio of established moving image forms, such as film and television, as well as newer web-based video players such as YouTube, meaning that black spaces appeared on either side of the image.
It pegged the status of minorities on various indicators such as nutrition, health, education et al. of minorities and specially Muslims at an abysmally poor level.
Conjuring the Dead is the tenth studio album by the Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor.
Its head office is situated in Gangtok.
About 1% of people admitted to hospital are affected by the condition.
Late Embryogenesis Abundant proteins (LEA proteins) are proteins in animals and plants that protect other proteins from aggregation due to desiccation or osmotic stresses associated with low temperature.
"Ben" Cerullo (born July 12, 1976) is an American evangelist, Christian television show host and producer.
Two additional sections of motorway were added to the plan to join the two original sections and the remaining parts of the two rings were canceled.
BAS is an acronym for belted alternator starter.
SpatiaLite is a spatial extension to SQLite, providing vector geodatabase functionality.
The Urantia Book (sometimes called The Urantia Papers or The Fifth Epochal Revelation) is a spiritual, philosophical, and scientific book that originated in Chicago some time between 1924 and 1955.
3 members were inducted as crew chiefs.
Trochomorpha is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Trochomorphidae.
The A25 road is a motorway in Belgium.
Hotot is a micro-blogging desktop client for Twitter as well as Statusnet/GNUsocial, developed in Python as an open source application.
It is also known as puli inji in some parts of Kerala, South India.
In contrast, content sites commonly charge a fixed price per click rather than use a bidding system.
It is a contemporary R&B ballad was written and produced by Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, while additional songwriting was done by Kenneth Coby and Crystal Johnson.
Aingoth is situated (NH17) between Nileshwar and Kanhangad towns on the Cochin-Mangalore National Highway.
He also played league football for Clackmannan.
It is one of the most in-demand secondary schools in Derbyshire and has been awarded the top grade 'Outstanding' in its past four Ofsted inspections.
At the 2014 Global Relay Canadian Road Championships, held in Lac Megantic, Quebec, she won the road race, time trial and the criterium, becoming the first woman to win all three titles in the same year.
In countries with invitation-only nationals the Top 4 finishers were invited to the World Championship.
A Kimblewick is used with one set of reins.
Leben zu zweit is an East German comedy film.
Michael Lawrence Brown (born 1968) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia.
The owner of the website is Michael Newman (Yaginuma), who graduated from the University of Connecticut and who is a chemical engineer by day.
He was previously the Lancaster County Attorney.
The Friends of Eddie Coyle, published in 1970, was the debut novel of George V. Higgins, then an Assistant United States Attorney in Boston.
In the 1990s the Korean population in Fairfax County, Virginia increased sharply.
She then released music videos for her songs "Fly on the Wall" (2008), and "Party in the U.S.A." (2009), which won the MuchMusic Video Award for Best International Artist Video.
Note the negative VGS is required, as an example on the n-type junction-gate field-effect transistor 2N5457.
Private equity firm Affinity Equity Partners acquired the company for AU$155 million on 30 March 2016 from HCN's then owner Primary Health Care Limited.
Dipterocarpus lamellatus is a tropical rainforest tree endemic to Borneo.
For reasons believed to involve a young lady, a knife fight broke out and a number of people were badly injured.
Senna hebecarpa, with the common names American senna and wild senna, is a species of legume native to eastern North America.
Capital punishment in Kazakhstan has been abolished for ordinary crimes, but is still permitted for crimes occurring in special circumstances (such as war crimes).
Blyew v. United States was a case heard before the U.S. Supreme Court in April 1872 addressing the civil rights of African Americans, as well as states' rights issues.
HMAS Horsham (J235/M235), named for the city of Horsham, Victoria, was one of 60 Bathurst-class corvettes constructed during World War II, and one of 36 initially manned and commissioned solely by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
Its county seat is Port Clinton.
Althea was laid up for the winter on 14 November 1917, and returned to duty in May 1918.
Hypsotropa fusifaciata is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsotropa.
It is an area of research in which interdisciplinarity is a central perspective.
Amazon compensates app developers based on the time that users spend within the app, at a flat rate of $0.002 per user minute.
The River Alyn (Welsh: Afon Alun) is a tributary of the River Dee.
Additional ingredients may include apple butter, applesauce, chopped or dried apples, nuts and dates.
He is the author of three books: Art as Politics in the Third Reich (1996), The Faustian Bargain (2000), and Royals and the Reich (2006).
Its population was 1,309 in 2009.
It was also studied with the Hubble Space Telescope instrument the High Speed Photometer.
He was the flag bearer of Oman at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
They are similar in styling to an acoustic piano, but with many features common to various keyboards such as the ability to save and load songs, the availability of different voices, and, in more recent models, the ability to be connected to a computer via USB or wireless network for music production or interactive piano lesson programs.
In a randomized controlled trial involving forty patients with postoperative lesions on an infected diabetic foot, a super-oxidized solution was found to reduce healing times significantly more than treatment with povidone iodine.
New Hope International is the leadership training and church planting arm of New Hope.
Human migration is the movement by people from one place to another with the intentions of settling, permanently or temporarily in a new location.
The Jaguar C-X17 is a concept crossover SUV designed by Jaguar Cars and unveiled at the 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show.
East Is Red, also known as Swordsman III, is a 1993 Hong Kong wuxia film.
Sin is 2005 Thai erotic film aka Jan Dara 2 directed by Ong-Art Singlumpong.
A significant number of individuals are international students undergoing medicine in various universities and colleges.
Fung Cheung is one of the 31 constituencies in the Yuen Long District of Hong Kong.
The piece was given a Broadway production from August to October 1903.
About a Good Woman is a four-act comedy by Oscar Wilde, first performed on Saturday, 20 February 1892, at the St James's Theater in London.
Korea University Sejong Campus is Korea University's second campus.
The Georgia-Pacific Tower was built on the former site of the theater.
Alexandru Lungu (born 3 September 1974) is a Romanian professional judoka, mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
It is the nation's second-oldest active military base.
Victoria ward has a total population of 12,065, the most populated ward in the borough.
A developed version, the Z 142, is the most popular aircraft variant in the manufacturer's aircraft line.
This plan was later dropped and the group began to be funded by attorney Richard Kaplan of Gary, Indiana.
The Ipoh railway station is a Malaysian train station located at the south-western side of and named after the capital city of Ipoh, Perak.
Dead to the World is a 1991 Australian film.
The band started in Denver, Colorado and is now based primarily in Philadelphia.
He won six Championships and four Challenge Cups with Wigan, as well as numerous individual awards between 1991 and 2004.
McConnachie is also the party's treasurer and nominating officer.
The American Community School of Abu Dhabi is a school operating in the United Arab Emirates that was founded in 1972.
The two branches of the Florida National Guard, the Florida Army National Guard and the Florida Air National Guard, fall under the command of the state Adjutant General, an appointee of the Governor of Florida, and fall under the command of the Governor of Florida.
Bellerose is home to several different programs catering to students needs, ranging from International Baccalaureate (IB) to Sports Academy for students that participate in higher level sports.
Seattle Foundation is the community foundation serving the greater Seattle area.
The rde-1 gene locus was first characterized in C. elegans mutants resistant to RNAi, and is a member of a highly conserved Piwi gene family that includes plant, Drosophila, and vertebrate homologs.
It was also significant in that it was Paul Radisich's first round after a major crash at Bathurst in 2006.
Beautiful yellow and red blossoms adorn the island's blue mahoe, an endemic hibiscus.
In 1942 a Superintendent was appointed to RAF Maintenance Command, which was the main user of the Constabulary, to advise on police matters.
The museum contains array of exhibits relating to geology, zoology, paintings, anthropology, epigraphy and history.
In 2011, she received a CAREER Award from the National Science Foundation.
Waterloo station is located on the road's eastern edge, as well as the former Waterloo International Eurostar terminal and General Lying-In Hospital.
Kashubian Americans are Americans of Kashubian descent.
The Manhattan Club was a social club in Manhattan, New York founded in 1865 and dissolved around 1979.
Ryan Patrick Garton (born December 5, 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization.
Svay Theab District is a district located in Svay Rieng Province, Cambodia.
It last was assigned to the 413th Tactical Fighter Wing, stationed at George Air Force Base, California.
In 2009 Taylors went bankrupt but was bought out of administration by a consortium called UK Bellfoundries Ltd which successfully re-financed and re-established the business.
It is a coming-of-age story in a sense, and as Khorii ages she learns to use the telepathic powers that are characteristic of all her people, the Linyaari.
It follows that, for truncated Newton methods to work, the inner solver needs to produce a good approximation in a finite number of iterations; conjugate gradient has been suggested and evaluated as a candidate inner loop.
Ides has co-authored Civil Procedure: Cases and Problems and Examples & Explanations: Constitutional Law.
Florian Sotoca (born 25 October 1990) is a French footballer who plays for Grenoble as a striker.
Murray H. Goodman (born 1925) is an American real estate developer, philanthropist, and founder of Goodman Properties (also known as The Goodman Company).
The killings were perpetrated by units of the Yugoslav Partisans in May 1945, following the Bleiburg repatriations.
These were his only major appearances for Kent.
As of February 2012, Fantasia has sold 2,842,000 albums and 1,425,000 tracks in the United States.
The series returned to Channel 4 in 2017, now hosted by Scarlett Moffatt.
It was featured on her 1969 album, Johnny One Time.
Sergliflozin etabonate (INN/USAN, codenamed GW869682X) is an investigational anti-diabetic drug being developed by GlaxoSmithKline.
His research examines the different types of families worldwide and how there are matching beliefs, ideologies and political systems, and the historical events involving these things.
"Tony" Donatelli (born June 7, 1984 in Glenside, Pennsylvania) is an American soccer player.
Actinodaphne ellipticbacca is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family.
Currently, it is widely applied in railway, automotive & commercial industries with an aim to provide infotainment services through interactive monitors embedded in seatback or armrest.
These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1970.
The England cricket team toured Sri Lanka from 28 September to 22 December 2007.
USS Duffy (DE-27) was an Evarts-class destroyer escort that served in the Pacific during World War II.
It is found only in Sri Lanka, where it can be seen only in three forest localities.
Richard David Cooper (born 7 May 1965) is an English retired footballer.
They were built by the Avonside Engine Company.
The Last Druid is a 2014 Canadian-Japanese live action/animated science fiction adventure film directed by Mamoru Oshii.
Jennifer Louise Houston (born April 1971) is an Australian politician.
The Trouble with Harry is a 1955 American Technicolor black comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
According to the International Labor Organization, there are 20.9 million people subjected to forced labor, and 22% (4.5 million) who are victims of forced sexual exploitation.
There are many more with varying degrees of fluency, including many who can understand but not speak Maricopa.
Ladette to Lady was a reality-based series that first aired in the United Kingdom on ITV in June 2005.
The 1812 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between October 30 and December 2, 1812, as part of the 1812 United States presidential election.
The headmistress of the school is Mrs. Sadhana Sahastrabuddhe (English Medium) and Mrs. G. Karande (Marathi Medium).
Dr. Pillai set about building an inclusive system of education, founded with the belief that knowledge was a privilege all deserve.
She had nine known children with her first two husbands, and has many descendants.
Lazarevskiy Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge located in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Long considered the only species in the monotypic genus Ocreatus, the bird is now sometimes split into three species, the white-booted racket-tail, the Peruvian racket-tail, and the rufous-booted racket-tail.
The track begins from the Etawah Wildlife Safari Park in Etawah.
Its apparent magnitude is about 11 and its apparent diameter is about 10 arcminutes.
These forms are based on a way of understanding architecture and applied materials, harmony with the Cantabrian environment and climate, and the continuation of ancestral customs.
Macrobaenidae is an extinct family of turtles in Centrocryptodira.
This article does not include People from Saint John as they have their own section.
2015 NAB Challenge was the Australian Football League (AFL) pre-season competition that was played before the 2015 home and away season.
The stadium was proposed in 2016, as part of the team's bid for an MLS expansion franchise, and a list of sites was submitted with the bid in January 2017.
Wendy Day (born 1962) is an American entrepreneur, writer, and founder of Rap Coalition, an organization which helps negotiate deals for hip-hop artists.
The procedure consists of applying a gentle force to release the tissues.
The school is situated just east of the Cat Hill roundabout of the A111 and A110, between Cockfosters and Oakwood tube stations.
This is a C-Grade station on the Delhi-Mumbai route.
Alien Nation was a science fiction novel series, based on the movie and television series of the same name.
In 2008, he became the senator for Kansas Senate District 32.
Very Rev Herbert Arthur Jones was Dean of Manchester in the third quarter of the 20th century.
It was abstracted and indexed in the MLA International Bibliography.
It was re-issued in 2007 on Candlelight Records, with the catalog number 338.
An aggressive middle-order batsman of ferocious power and a right-arm medium bowler, he captained Sussex and England in the early 1960s.
The Red Wa control the methamphetamine trade in Thailand and neighboring countries and are also known for being involved in the trafficking and sale of other drugs, mainly heroin.
The Darley Arabian (foaled c. 1700) was one of three dominant foundation sires of modern Thoroughbred horse racing bloodstock, whose arrival in England during the reign of Queen Anne was the event which "forms the great epoch from which the history of the Turf should be dated".
The 2005 Lunar New Year Cup (a.k.a. Carlsberg Cup) was a football tournament held in Hong Kong on 9 February 2005, the first day of the Chinese New Year 2005.
The economic history of Morocco has largely been charted by the national government through a series of five-year plans.
It is bounded by Burnet Road, Anderson Lane, and Research Blvd (183) and bisected by Ohlen Road.
Canadian drivers were absent from Formula One since his departure in 2006, until the arrival of Lance Stroll in 2017, who scored his first career points at the 2017 Canadian Grand Prix.
The Jubilees were an English four-piece band from Sleaford.
In 2012, they performed at The Gilded Balloon for the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
Its apparent magnitude is 5.91 and is located at a distance of approximately 210 light-years (64 parsecs) distant from Earth.
In 1718, Captain Tavenor sailed around the south of Newfoundland and called it "Belorme's Place."
Its mouth on the Hudson River is directly opposite Albany New York at what was Van Rensselaer Island, in the City of Rensselaer.
Brian O'Donnell (born 5 June 1960) is an Irish retired association footballer, rugby union player and Gaelic footballer.
The community is located along Pennsylvania Route 166 and the Monongahela River across from Greensboro.
The building is listed on the Danish Registry of Protected Buildings and Places.
Miquel Danny Darson (born 27 May 1993) is a Surinamese international footballer who plays as a right back for SVB Topklasse side Inter Moengotapoe.
This version also went through over 20 editions, with the last published in 1859.
He retained the captaincy until the start of the 1969/70 season.
He was a member of the legislature until 1978.
His novels feature the likes of cricket, football, soccer, tennis, basketball and swimming.
He spent four seasons with the Miami Dolphins and two seasons with the Nashville Kats of the Arena Football League (AFL).
Ilona Timchenko is a Russian pianist and composer, b. 1976, settled in Santiago de Compostela.
Accordingly, the opening and closing of the song both feature heavy rain and thunder sound effects, with the closing augmented by Clark's powerful, swooping falsetto.
He was High Sheriff of London in 1573.
Tetrazygia elegans is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family.
He has three caps for the South Africa national football team.
Currently, it is the official residence of the Sub-Collector.
This event was a major incident in the early days of the Republic of Texas and added to the severe split between the various factions in the government.
In 1602, he was elected Lord Mayor of London.
ADB Avenue and San Miguel Avenue form the eastern city limit of Mandaluyong and the western city limit of Pasig.
In mammalian cells, the enzyme is composed of four different chains: alpha, beta, gamma, and delta.
From the Transit Mall, passengers can travel throughout Santa Rosa and Sonoma County, plus destinations that connect the city with the rest of the San Francisco Bay Area and the Redwood Empire.
In the 1980s the viaduct it stood on was reused for the City branch of the Docklands Light Railway (DLR).
It has been held in the United States since its maiden edition on September 17, 2011.
Next Time I Marry is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Garson Kanin and written by John Twist and Helen Meinardi.
The purpose of the Composites CRC is to bring together research providers and businesses using composite materials to provide competitive technology for the Australian industry.
Buddies is a 1983 Australian comedy/drama film directed by Arch Nicholson and written by John Dingwall.
The Jets compete in the Queensland Cup competition.
Allahabadi Surkha are a special category of guava having deep pink color inside instead of the typical white color and an apple red exterior skin.
Her blog, One Cobble at a Time, received an award in 2009 from the Association for Mormon Letters.
The Central Oklahoma Bronchos, often referred to as Central Oklahoma, Central State or UCO, are the intercollegiate athletic teams representing University of Central Oklahoma, located in Edmond, Oklahoma.
It was a double A-side with "Waited Too long" and "Play It Loud".
It was published on July 1, 1996 by Random House.
CLEAR includes a network of remotely operated cameras that exhibit a small amount of artificial intelligence, in that they can sense gunshots, loiterers, and suspicious activity, and alert the CPD.
More land in the area is going to be developed over the next few years by Todd Property Group.
Each can be visualized as symmetric orthographic projections in Coxeter planes of the A8 Coxeter group, and other subgroups.
Sea walls may be constructed from various materials, most commonly reinforced concrete, boulders, steel, or gabions.
This is the second remake in Tulu movies after Shutterdulai.
Poa pratensis forms a valuable pasture plant, characteristic of well-drained, fertile soil.
It has a metallic luster and a dark red streak.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Reno County, Kansas, United States.
They nest in soil under rocks or logs, sometimes in trees.
Garuda Pancasila was designed by Sultan Hamid II from Pontianak, supervised by Sukarno, and was adopted as the national emblem on 11 February 1950.
He is known to play the original songs from which player or manager songs, sung by supporters, are adapted.
Petplan Equine is a horse and rider insurance provider based in London.
Licensed to Valley, Alabama, United States, the station serves the Columbus, Georgia, area.
The historic church property belongs to Saint Mary of Sorrows Catholic Church in the Diocese of Arlington.
Les Fusiliers du St-Laurent is a Primary Reserve infantry regiment of the Canadian Armed Forces.
It was announced on 4 March 2009, that he was leaving to run a multi-sports academy in South Africa.
Swiftair Bahrain was a cargo airline based in Manama, Bahrain.
For several years after the disaster, Montserrat was only accessible by helicopters or boats, until July 2005, when the new Gerald's Airport (now John A. Osborne Airport) was completed at the north end of the island (North of Saint Johns and South of Gerald's).
Warsaw was part of the Russian Empire at this time.
Asian Fever is the name of an adult magazine and companion adult video series.
The Board's own decisions had been overtaken by the central government's restructuring of its own and local government activities.
Thirty episodes were made, and the show was first shown on 21 October 1974.
Legend has it that it began life as a 2-storey building (which would have been rather more in keeping with the character of the rest of the village), but during its construction the woman to whom the new owner was betrothed left him, and in order to win her back the man tried to impress her by commissioning an extra story to his new home, thus assuring her of a greater status as the wife of a 'property owner'.
Notable acts the band has opened for include: Tim Kasher (frontman of Cursive), O'Death, Andrew Jackson Jihad, and David Bazan.
The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 5, 1992.
Until November 2007, albums sold as an "exclusive" to a particular retail outlet (such as iTunes, Starbucks, or Wal-Mart) were not eligible for the Billboard 200 due to a long-standing policy.
One of the caves more notable inhabitants are the Oilbirds.
The laws of many jurisdictions set out degrees of consanguinity in relation to prohibited sexual relations and marriage parties.
Cicerbita is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, native to Asia and Europe.
Other interests included mathematical optimization theory.
Celebrations may include rodeos, street fairs, cookouts, family reunions, park parties, historical reenactments, or Miss Juneteenth contests.
It has served as a church, meeting hall, hospital, and library.
It is also Lund's first album to be released in the United States.
It is heavily inspired by the Souls series by Japanese developer FromSoftware.
It is engraved on 18 plates, and survives in just nine known copies.
It stars Revathi, Suresh Chandra Menon and Vineeth as prime characters.
Fletcher was also a software engineer at internet appliance maker Diba, Inc., now owned by Sun Microsystems, and at Pixel, Inc. Fletcher has invested in One True Media, Plaxo, Techdirt and WesabeFletcher obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from the University of California, San Diego.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1825.
He was drafted by the New York Giants in the fourth round of the 2003 NFL Draft.
A ground is located just in front of the Institution.
Success is Martin Amis' third novel, published in 1978 by Jonathan Cape.
Pipidae found in Kenya, Tanzania, and possibly Uganda.
The series started in magazine Sarita.
After graduating from high school, he attended Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida and received a scholarship to major in Theater.
It was the fifth edition of the tournament.
Alaska has numerous indigenous pollinators, including mosquitoes, but none produce honey.
Its first appearance as a standalone novel came in 1957 when published by Galaxy Science Fiction Novels.
The bridge was completed in 1864 as Moseley Truss Bridge built by the Moseley Iron Building Works of Boston, to connect the Pacific Mills with Canal Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts by spanning the North Canal.
It is under the responsibility of the Institute of National Museums of Rwanda.
The rank was also a commissioned officer rank from 1837 until it was replaced with the current rank of lieutenant, junior grade in 1883.
She was also active in defending the rights of the Acehnese and East Timorese women who have been raped by members of the Indonesian army.
She has conducted cookery shows in bangalore, Goa and Chennai.
It is situated in the southern dock system, connected to Queens Dock to the north, Brunswick Dock to the south.
Muslim Rights Concern has condemned this.
He defeated Charles Martel at Cologne.
Ancient boroughs were reformed by the Municipal Corporations Act 1835, which introduced directly elected corporations and allowed the incorporation of new industrial towns.
Mauritius competed in the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, Scotland from July 23 to August 3, 2014.
This particular species of wasp can be hard to study because they frequently abandon their nests.
On club level she played with Hitachi.
Carabus gyllenhali is a species of ground beetle from Carabinae family that is endemic to Ukraine.
Pyrgophorus spinosus, common name the spiny crownsnail, is a species of very small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
Techno-organic material resembles both machinery and living tissue.
Others derive its name from tabi, which in Semitic languages means "good", and others from a native word taba, meaning "rock", which seems a probable derivation.
He is also an actor, writer, and director.
If I Should Fall from Grace with God (released in January 1988).
They also have their own official record label called Evilegend 13 Records on which they have released EPs, singles and videos.
It became the principal collective activity of group members.
The band released its eponymous debut album in March 1974.
The strike took place just two days before key municipal elections.
In May 1961, the then President of Indonesia, Sukarno, signed a presidential regulation making Gerakan Pramuka the official Scout and Guide organization in Indonesia.
1Sulaman is a mixed development project comprising condominium, water theme park, recreational landscape park and serviced suites.
As of May 2018, Greek citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 185 countries and territories, ranking the Greek passport 6th in terms of travel freedom (tied with Australian and Belgian passports) according to the Henley Passport Index.
Had the earthquake occurred while school was in session earlier that afternoon thousands of casualties, mainly children, would have likely occurred.
He attempted to grow tobacco, then grew corn, wheat and grapes.
The 1944 Swedish Ice Hockey Championship was the 22nd season of the Swedish Ice Hockey Championship, the national championship of Sweden.
Following accusations of copying the rapping style for Move (If You Wanna) from Philadelphia rapper Gillie Da Kid, Mims stated he never met Gillie and was not trying to start beef with anyone.
The Dwarves Invented Rock & Roll is the 2014 release by the American punk rock band Dwarves.
The video featured a slightly different intro to the song.
Many opinions on the subject have been given, although none have been proven.
She is a member of the Boca Raton, Florida, branch of the National League of American PEN Women.
The presenter, David Attenborough, outlines the development of the theory by Darwin through his observations of animals and plants in nature and in the domesticated state, visiting sites important in Darwin's own life, including Down House, Cambridge University and the Natural History Museum, and using archive footage from Attenborough's many nature documentaries for the BBC.
As the artifact appears to resemble a human, much speculation has been had regarding what type of person might be in the image.
The university offers a range of undergraduate and postgraduate programs in Engineering, Business, Finance, HR, IT, Mass Communications and Design Studies all of which are accredited by the UAE Ministry of Higher Education in addition to some program specific international accreditations like the ABET for the engineering programs.
The show was hosted by David Koch, with the judging panel consisting of Jonathon Welch, Iva Davies, Charli Delaney, and George Torbay.
She is a professor of mathematics at the University of Illinois at Chicago and a researcher in the Institute of Mathematics of the Romanian Academy.
This was the biggest tour the band performed on; the band played in every month of the year in 1993.
Prior to signing with WWE, Budgen worked for promotions across Europe, the United States, and Japan under the ring name Tommy End.
After some experiences as cinematographer and assistant director, notably for Federico Fellini, Roberto Rossellini, Alessandro Blasetti and Carlo Lizzani, and after directing the mondo film Sexy proibitissimo, he made his feature film debut in 1964, with the sword-and-sandal film Hercules Against the Sons of the Sun.
Born in Blackburn, Lancashire, Eggleston began his umpiring career in the Lancashire League, and served in the league until 2009, before returning in 2014.
The Haverford Formation is a geologic formation in Wales.
Law and his wife Margaret Pestorius coordinated the Cairns Peace by Peace organization.
Portland is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.
As a member of the 2009 Michigan Wolverines football team, whom he led in interceptions, he earned 2009 first team All-Big Ten recognition from the media and second team recognition from the coaches.
Wolf is the second studio album by American rapper Tyler, the Creator.
Unspoken King is the sixth studio album by Canadian technical death metal band Cryptopsy.
The first book, Armageddon's Children, was released by Del Rey Books on August 29, 2006, in the United States and by Orbit Books on September 7, 2006, in the United Kingdom.
Geoff Greetham (born 5 June 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Martin Winbolt-Lewis (born 14 November 1946) is a British sprinter.
It was the band's first single since they departed from EMI Records in 1995.
The Aleph amplifiers had a unique appearance, a cube with heat sinks on all four sides, a practical solution to the heat generated by the class-A design.
Joyce trialed with St Kilda in June 2016, and joined as a Category B International Rookie before the 2017 season.
The "Super-Jail" will accommodate approx 500 places and the new prison will be known as HMP Grampian.
Passage of this law in California has led to the passage of a similar law in Illinois and Ohio, and efforts to pass similar laws in Hawaii, Montana, Nevada, South Dakota, Iowa.
The program aired Monday nights at 9:45pm ET, was 15 minutes long, and was preceded by another 15-minute show Football Sidelines.
The TV Network Protocol or TVNP as it is more commonly referred to is an open network protocol developed to enable CCTV systems from any manufacturer to be integrated into an existing CCTV network.
Bressa Creeting Cake is a New Zealand rock band, active during the 1990s.
In October 2012 the club withdrew from the championship due to financial turmoil.
In 2010 three core states (Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan) pursued integration and founded the Eurasian Customs Union and the Single Economic Space.
The Welsh form Cynlas Goch is attested in several genealogies of the Rhos royal line.
Dr. Maher Hathout is founder of the American Muslim identity, known for the reference to home: Home is not where my grandparents are buried; home is where my grandchildren will be raised.
The Pari Center for New Learning is a non-profit educational center located in the village of Pari in Civitella Paganico of the Province of Grosseto, Italy.
Her romance also pits her against her two teenage sons (Scotty Beckett and Bobby Cooper).
There are a variety of mammals, birds, reptiles and arthropods present within the Anjajavy Forest.
Since it was released on VHS and limited Betamax format, the title has been Dr. Caligari.
Eight Variations on Freedom is an album by the Ted Nash Big Band that won the Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album in 2017.
Stevens was born in Devon and grew up in Kent before moving to the Falkland Islands in 1977 to work as a teacher.
69 is the debut album by British band A.R. Kane, released in 1988 on Rough Trade Records and produced by the band with additional co-production from Ray Shulman.
The Story of the Vatican is a 1941 American documentary directed by Jean Pages.
They were initially located in Long Island City where they ran the Astoria/LIC International Film Festival as well as the online/in print literary magazine Voices from the Garage.
The school is the result of the merger between Choppee High School and Pleasant Hill High School, and opened in 2000.
The song was written by group members Kimberly, Neil and Reid Perry with Jeff Cohen and Kara DioGuardi.
In the program, wildlife presenter and adventurer Nigel Marven travels amongst mountains of Yunnan Province in southern China in search of selected species of animals, including hoolock gibbon, one of the most endangered primates on Earth.
Twelve dogs were on the Titanic but only three survived, and the rest of the animals perished in the disaster.
Podrecca is considered by some critics a pioneer of postmodernism.
Two songs from TNT's self-titled first album, "USA" and "Eddie", were re-recorded and included on the album, though "Eddie" was an exclusive bonus track on the CD edition in Europe, and replaced "Tor with the Hammer" on U.S. editions.
Papilio nobicea, the Volta swallowtail, is a butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
In 2009 Panmure Gordon welcomed QInvest, the leading investment bank in Qatar, as a strategic investor.
The city had been home to the Arkansas Rimrockers (who played in the American Basketball Association (ABA) for their first season and in the D-League for their last two), and the Coliseum was going to be part-time home to the failed ABA expansion team the Arkansas Fantastics.
Bukura e Dheut (English: Beauty of the Earth) is a character in Albanian folklore, a crafty fairy.
The origin of C5 is in the hepatocyte, but its synthesis can also be found in macrophages, where it may cause local increase of C5a.
This is a clear play on astronaut Neil Armstrong's first spoken words on the surface of the moon in 1969.
They are endemic to Sri Lanka.
In 1896, football coach Walter Riggs came to Clemson, then Clemson Agricultural College of South Carolina, from Auburn University.
It is the last station on the line before reaching the northern terminus at Oceanside.
It may be worn on a person, placed on a vehicle, or tied around a tree.
He is most noted for his work on Captain Ron, Honey, I Blew Up the Kid, and the cult classic Night of the Comet.
It was held on the weekend of the December 3 to 5 on the Homebush Street Circuit in Sydney Olympic Park, Sydney, New South Wales.
In 2016 Galaxy moved their Utica studios (WKLL, WOUR, WUMX, WTLB and WRNY) from Washington Mills to Downtown Utica inside the brand new Landmarc building (the old HSBC location) and renamed it Galaxy Media.
Some definitions of the region include the Illawarra,but it is often seen as a separate and distinct region of New South Wales.
In a post-election letter, F. Allen (a North Island executive member) stated that the movement wanted fewer controls except that "the people should control money or credit policy, something vastly different from what obtains at present"; and objected to the movement being called a party.
Fateh Singh Ke Jathe Singh (Troop of Fateh Singh) is a saying of Khalsa that came from a discussion between Sahibzada Fateh Singh with Wazir Khan and his ministers at Sirhind Court.
Trauma Center is a series of simulation/visual novel games where players assume the role of a surgeon in a fictional hospital setting to save patients from fictional pathological conditions.
Created for use in embedded environments such as point of sale systems and gaming, the toolkits are used to create specifically tailored operating systems geared towards the desired use.
The retail chain has plans to expand its number of outlets to 100 by 2018.The outlets are between 70,000 and 150,000 square feet in size and hosts several Indian and international fashion brands like Levis, Pepe Jeans, Wrangler, Provogue, Arrow, Nike, Adidas, Reebok, Louis Phillippe, Allen Solly, Reid & WILWON, and Gini & Jony among others.
Electronic commerce focuses on the use of ICT to enable the external activities and relationships of the business with individuals, groups and other businesses or e business refers to business with help of internet i.e. doing business with the help of internet network.
Both schools are part of the International Schools Partnership.
He subsequently served in the RAF during the Second World War making models interpreting aerial photographs.
Ong founded the Entrepreneur's Resource Center (ERC) Holdings.
Room with a View is the debut album of Canadian country music artist Carolyn Dawn Johnson, and was released on August 7, 2001 on Arista Nashville.
Peake railway station was on the Cork and Muskerry Light Railway in County Cork, Ireland.
It is located east of the town of Zoersel, south of the town of Oostmalle, and west of the town of Wechelderzande, in the municipality of Malle.
This is intended to be a complete list of the official state historical markers placed in Henry County, Indiana, United States by the Indiana Historical Bureau.
Walker's musical genres include Americana, blues and jazz.
Sales surged as Armored became the largest luggage and trunk manufacturer west of the Mississippi River.
The Union victory established what would become an unbroken Federal control of the Missouri River, and helped to thwart efforts to bring Missouri into the Confederacy.
Bradina parbattoides is a moth in the family Crambidae.
According to Adams, the album's title originates from a poster of Mariah Carey: "My manager called and said, 'You have 15 seconds to name this record,' "My eyes focused on this poster of Mariah wearing a T-shirt that said HEARTBREAKER.
A Reverse Path Forwarding Check and other checks are performed on multi-destination frames to further control potentially looping traffic.
Each sensor has the ability to monitor hostile territory, international borders, and/or detect indirect weapon fire covertly with 24-hour surveillance.
Local attractions include a swimming pool (run by the local community), a Post Office, Hotel, Produce Store, District High School (Prep to Grade 10), Church, Community Shop and a Memorial ANZAC Bell.
The proposed flag of the self-proclaimed confederation of Novorossiya (or New Russia) is a variant of the battle flag which was adopted on 24 May 2014, with the addition of the coat of arms.
Founded in 1999 as a spin-off from the University of Florida by Dr. Gerry Shaw, a British scientist and professor at the University of Florida, the company is based in Gainesville, Florida and markets antibody reagents originally made for research purposes, but which also have commercial value.
Following AMC Networks' acquisition of Chellomedia, it was announced on 4 August 2014 that MGM Channel would be rebranded as AMC in late 2014.
At the age of 15 he was appointed a Board Director at the Glasgow Anti-Racist Alliance, promoting equality and encouraging youth participation across the charity.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Woodford County, Illinois, United States.
It was released on 27 May 2016 by Future Classic.
James Christopher Workman (born October 4, 1980) is an American retired actor, best known for playing the role of Pugsley Addams in The Addams Family (1991) and Addams Family Values (1993).
They have no connection to the Yowani in Texas, a Choctaw band.
In comparison to Darkhorse, which was more rock oriented, The Brimstone Sluggers focuses more on hip-hop, and features collaborations from rappers Madchild and Bishop Lamont.
Sensory illusion with respect to height and attitude resulting from visual reference to the few lights existing in the approach area.
Tucker was not reappointed governor, but was replaced by Nathaniel Butler, a privateer.
His interests include moral philosophy, legal philosophy and medical ethics.
The male carry a machete (orok/oriok) and a knife (rwchik/rwuchuk) shoved inside a bamboo sheath wrapped with animal furs.
After serving six years with the 1st Royal Tank Regiment (1990-2001) as a Tank Commander, he entered sports administration.
The 10th Mechanized Corps was a formation in the Soviet Red Army during the Second World War.
Stampa Barbara would open a second location in 1992 on Melrose, in Los Angeles.
Rude was also part of the post punk "little band scene" that flourished in Melbourne in the late 1970s to 1980s, and is probably best known (to the general public) for staging a hunger strike in the window of local record shop Missing Link, and the demand that local radio station 3XY play his records, threatening to drown himself in a bucket of water if they did not.
The British had no time to prepare and were routed, suffering losses including McCarthy.
Later on in the early half of the 14th century John Jecok appears in the 1375 Court Rolls of the Borough of Colchester, and a John Jecokes in the 1381 Assize Court Rolls of Warwickshire.
To the south-southwest is Kondratyuk.
The Supermarine Air Yacht was a British luxury passenger-carrying flying boat air yacht designed and built by the Supermarine Aviation Works.
Black rocks line its narrow opening.
Other functions that power supplies may perform include limiting the current drawn by the load to safe levels, shutting off the current in the event of an electrical fault, power conditioning to prevent electronic noise or voltage surges on the input from reaching the load, power-factor correction, and storing energy so it can continue to power the load in the event of a temporary interruption in the source power (uninterruptible power supply).
Prior to that, he launched and was Editor in Chief/Editorial Director of Edutopia, a magazine and website from The George Lucas Educational Foundation that follows innovation in K-12 public education.
The film was followed by two sequels The Romancing Star II, released in the following year and The Romancing Star III, released the year after.
The farmhouse was built around 1929, and is a three-bay, two-story, brick, hipped roofed, American Foursquare-style dwelling.
The film stars Ralph Byrd, George Barbier, Kay Sutton, Frank Jenks, Marc Lawrence and Dorothy Lee.
The Rhodospirillales are an order of Proteobacteria, with two families: the Acetobacteraceae and the Rhodospirillaceae.
A Wreck A Tangle is a 2000 Australian film directed by Scott Patterson starring Anna Lise Phillips, Damian Walshe-Howling and Rebecca Frith.
However, the Dynamo Moscow club folded in 2016.
The title became extinct on the death of the fifth Baronet in 1764.
Below are the genera and species of this family: Buenaspis Budd, 1999Buenaspis forteyi Budd, 1999Liwia Dzik and Lendzion, 1988Liwia plana Lendzion, 1975 Liwia convexa Lendzion, 1975Soomaspis Fortey & Theron, 1995Soomaspis splendida Fortey & Theron, 1995Tariccoia Hammann et al.
Originally, Arkel had two tracks, in the 1980s this was reduced to a single track.
Wet Lubricants is a brand of personal lubricants produced by Wet International, part of Trigg Laboratories in Las Vegas.
Safdar Aah, a writer and lyricist, turned producer and director with Bhookh.
Clissett made chairs in the West Midlands tradition, turning the parts from fresh, unseasoned ash (Fraxinus excelsior) with a pole lathe.
After the elections Labor again formed a controlling administration on the City Council.
Oberthueria jiatongae is a moth in the Endromidae family.
It covers an area of 4,046.35 sq.km, and had a population of 164,654 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) was 183,412.
In the 2011 census, Running Creek and surrounding localities had a population of 463 people.
Food deserts are characterized by a lack of supermarkets which decreases residents' access to fruits, vegetables and other whole foods.
The London School of Osteopathy (LSO) is an osteopathic school in London, England, that offers MOst / BOst (Hons) pathways, validated by Anglia Ruskin University (ARU).
The 54th Delaware General Assembly was a meeting of the legislative branch of the state government, consisting of the Delaware Senate and the Delaware House of Representatives.
Son Taek-su (born 1970) is a South Korean poet and editor.
He also wrote a book in the Urdu language on the Christian family.
She was defeated in the 2010 election by Tom Schweich.
The Xojo programming environment is developed and commercially marketed by Xojo, Inc. of Austin, Texas for software development targeting macOS, Microsoft Windows, Linux, iOS, the Web and Raspberry Pi.
Rory has been sponsored athlete with The North Face and CamelBak.
Llobera is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.
Ballygarvey railway station was on the Ballymena, Cushendall and Red Bay Railway which ran from Ballymena to Retreat in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
The enlisted men were transferred to the 6th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.
The organization supports front-line United States Armed Forces troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Tom and Virl Osmond about two brothers, born deaf, who founded the company Osmond Entertainment.
It usually implies that open, deep and safe water lies ahead, though it is sometimes also used to indicate the start and end of a buoyed section of a continuous narrow channel, or a line of these marks can be used to mark a safe route through shallow areas.
In 2005, he played 15 games and was a member of the Swans' first premiership winning team in 72 years.
The 2000 term of the Supreme Court of the United States began October 2, 2000 and concluded September 30, 2001.
It was well received by music critics, who praised Westerberg's songwriting talent.
One DVD containing the first four episodes has been released in France.
They returned to SXSW and CMJ the following year.
Steve William Abana (born 1969 in Fourau, Malaita) is a Solomon Islands politician.
Amongst the Catacombs of Nephren-Ka is the debut studio album by American death metal band Nile.
According to the Bortle scale, an apparent magnitude of 6.14 means that it is faintly visible to the naked eye from dark rural skies.
He won medals the 400m event at the 1982 and 1984 Asian Championships, as well as the 1981, 1983, 1987, and 1989 Southeast Asian Games.
BJJR Bulldog is a British autogyro under development by BJJR of Derby and publicly introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen airshow in 2015.
Thus the virus can transmit both horizontally (from animal to animal in the classic sense) and vertically (from parent to offspring as a gene).
Ballarat's Eastern Oval hosted a match during the 1992 cricket World Cup between England and Sri Lanka played on 9 March 1992.
The demo was entitled, "the Fisher King: Reel Big Fish," after the movie.
The Curzon Hall is a British Raj-era building and home of the Faculty of Science at the University of Dhaka.
Attawapiskat Airport (IATA: YAT, ICAO: CYAT) is an airport adjacent to the Attawapiskat First Nation in Ontario, Canada.
After Juliet is a play written by Scottish playwright Sharman Macdonald.
Trieux is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
As a maintenance wing it provided depot maintenance, engineering support, and software development to major weapon systems (F-15 Eagle, C-5 Galaxy, C-130 Hercules, C-17 Globemaster III and Special Operations Forces aircraft).
Geneva is a city in and the county seat of Geneva County, Alabama, United States.
She was disguised as an alien, as it is illegal for mutants to live on the surface.
The name Contarini delle Figure supposedly refers to caryatids above the ground floor portals below the main balcony.
House Calls: The Big Brother Talk Show (also known as House Calls) is a spin-off of the American reality television series Big Brother.
The band also released a music video for the album track "Good Monsters".
Strongylognathus pisarskii is a species of ant in the genus Strongylognathus.
Lara, A Tale is a rhymed, tragic narrative poem by Lord Byron; first published in 1814.
Bolasyanahatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
The coherence of this group depends on the classification being used; here only Eastern and Western Hindi will be considered.
Khan-e Jehan Nawab Qaim Khan Shaheed who was the son of Raja Motay Rao Chauhan, the ruler of Dorayra or Dadrewa (presently situated in the Bikaner district of Rajasthan).
The golden ray florets are usually about 1 to 2 centimeters long, but specimens from the western San Joaquin Valley have smaller florets.
Likewise, during global sporting events, such as the World Cup or the Olympic Games, journalists and columnists with no expertise or pre-existing interest in sport comment on the event as Marshal et al.
When a movement began to create a national governing body in 1911, the AFA found itself confronting the newly established American Amateur Football Association (AAFA), a body which quickly became national.
The show was deemed a success for ITV and was largely enjoyed by critics, but did not appear for a second series.
It contains the following species, both endemic to New Caledonia: Relationships between Chambeyronia and the other genera of subtribe Archontophoenicinae, including the Australian Archontophoenix and the New Caledonia endemic Actinokentia and Kentiopsis are unresolved.
It lies on the western flank of Breakneck Ridge in close vicinity to the Lost River.
However, both types of "law" may be considered instances of a scientific law in the field of statistics.
WYSZ's tower is located near the intersection of Nebraska Avenue and McCord Road in Springfield Township, west of US 23.
At club level, Cross played with Claughaun and won two county championship winners' medals in a career that spanned three decades.
Lacosta's menswear designs are presented by New York Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week.
In 2009, Logelin established The Liz Logelin Foundation, a non-profit organization providing financial grants to families with children who have lost a parent.
Pterolophia pulchra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The scientific production of the Astronomical Observatory of Trieste exceeds 130 papers per year, mostly published in international peer-reviewed journals.
The event is named after St. Wilfrid, the patron saint of Ripon.
It used 93% enriched uranium-aluminum plate-type fuel.
They are important parasitoids of lepidopterous stem borers of cereals, sugar cane and other crops; they lay their eggs on moth caterpillars that damage crops.
The Filipino Plaza Committee of 2010 was formed to handle proposed improvements...
Flash Element TD is a Flash-based tower defense browser game created by David Scott and launched in January 2007.
The 1984 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha, the thirteenth volume in a series of nineteen.
A. E. Kaye (died on February 3, 1987) was a sound engineer.
Established in 1947, the club is a member of the Tasmanian Rugby Union and Tasmanian Rugby Union Juniors, affiliated the Australian Rugby Union, and plays in the Tasmanian Statewide League.
The film, which began filming in Chennai on 7 May 2012, released for April 2013.
His work has been commissioned by Vanity Fair, The Sunday Times, GQ, and The New Republic.
Homestead Meadows South is a census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States.
It is co-written by Blige and Raphael Saadiq, who also served as a producer and composer along with Taura Stinson.
Carex vallicola is a species of sedge known by the common name valley sedge.
Troy is a specialist in modern European art and has written books on the De Stijl movement, modernism and the decorative arts in France, and the works of Piet Mondrian.
Recent speakers include the former Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, and MPs Rushanara Ali, Peter Hain and Andy Burnham.
Canada women's national handball team is the national team of Canada.
The match was played in the middle of an England tour to New Zealand, where the team later played three Test matches, all of them also drawn.
He died in Downe, Kent, England, on 19 April 1882.
They compete in the Central Coast Division Rugby League.
Pustaha is the magic book of the Toba Batak people of North Sumatra, Indonesia.
Most traditionally, these are associated with sandcastles, although they are also often used to gather objects such as seashells and pebbles.
He has appeared in several British television series and theater productions.
Merovingian script or Gallo-Roman script was a medieval variant of the Latin script so called because it was developed in Gaul during the Merovingian dynasty.
The album was initially released by the What Are Records?
The RTM (formerly ZUG) language compiler and runtime framework are written in ZOPL.
She was launched on 21 July 1959 and first commissioned on 19 August 1960.
The courthouse is the most significant building in the small community of Elizabeth, with a population of less than 1000.
ISP is intended to keep a system decoupled and thus easier to refactor, change, and redeploy.
Blog scraping is the process of scanning through a large number of blogs, usually through the use of automated software, searching for and copying content.
Sokolets is a village in Ruen Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.
She has been nominated twice for Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice Awards, once for each of the novels written as Diane Perkins.
Thus the AR activates these genes to mediate the effects of androgens in the human body, including the development and maintenance of the male sexual phenotype and generalized anabolic effects.
However, some Nobel laureates were only facility users at the lab, and didn't form official academic affiliations with the lab.
SCAMPI appraisals are used to identify strengths and weaknesses of current processes, reveal development/acquisition risks, and determine capability and maturity level ratings.
The Education of Nicky is a 1921 British silent romance film directed by Arthur Rooke and starring James Knight, Marjorie Villis and Constance Worth.
Nevertheless, the constitutional reform of 2009 stipulated in article 209 that the elections would be held on 20 May 2012 to avoid their falling on a work day.
Owned by Moose Communications Society, known today as Wawatay, the station was given approval by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission in 1992.
The resort maintains 80 runs (with 20% beginner, 42% intermediate and 38% advanced trails) and 5 liftsystems: a high-speed quad chair lift (the North Star Express), a triple chair (the Easter), a double chair (the Tamarack), a T-bar (the Owl) and a magic carpet, leading to a total lift capacity of 6,452 skiers per hour.
The Crimson Gold is a fantasy novel by Voronica Whitney-Robinson, set in the Forgotten Realms fictional universe.
The village has 946 houses.
Paramount Resources Ltd. is a Canadian petroleum company that was incorporated in 1978.
In 2011, Chris Carrabba of Dashboard Confessional covered "The Commander Thinks Aloud" on his album Covered In The Flood.
Born 1972 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, Elaine is an accomplished dancer, fashionista, and stage and film actor.
It showed at City Gallery Wellington from 1 August to 21 November 1993 and Auckland City Art Gallery from 17 December 1993 to 20 February 1994.
Armenia was represented by five athletes at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki.
It represents the historic county of Essex.
The Constitution (Amendment No. 26) Act, 1935 was an Act amending the Constitution of the Irish Free State, amending the constitutional provisions on citizenship.
Several of the scenes were filmed in the Homestead Steelworks.
Melanie Johnston-Hollitt (born Melanie Johnston; 1974) is an Australian Astrophysicist.
With the arrests coming shortly after the Air India bombing that killed more than 300 Canadians, the Solicitor General Perrin Beatty urged Canadians not to spread fear of terrorism.
The competition was organized by the Chilean Gymnastics Federation.
David Stout (born c. 1942 in Erie, Pennsylvania) is a journalist and author of mystery novels, two of which have been turned into TV movies, and of non-fiction about violent crime.
Both audition programs were sponsored by Dreft but never made air.
The album is divided into halves stylistically; the first half is primarily pop punk with elements of electronic, while the second employs more traditional instrumentation, with influences of baroque pop.
Jumai Khan Azad (5 August 1930 - 29 December 2013) was an Indian poet of Awadhi language from Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Although LOSAT never "officially" entered service, it was used for the smaller Compact Kinetic Energy Missile.
Willis was born in Flatonia, Texas; he attended Flatonia Secondary School, where he starred as a running back.
At the time of the railroad's operation Santa Catalina Island was a popular seaside destination.
The poem describes Coleridge's sympathies for animals and the connection to nature he felt as part of his idea of Pantisocracy.
It is located at about four km.
The band consists of Matthew Lim (vocals), Joshua Tan (vocals, guitar), Rudi Osman (guitar), Tan Wei Shen (bass), Hafyz Tajuddin (drums).
Kate Walter (b. spring of 1950 in Nottinghamshire, England) was a popular British writer of 50 romance novels in Mills & Boon since 1984.
Tours of the site are available by appointment.
From Zero was a nu metal band from Chicago, Illinois.
Hatzinakos from the University of Toronto, Ontario, Canada was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2016 for contributions to signal processing techniques for communications, multimedia and biometrics.
In humans as well, the condition is seen rarely.
The Super League Finals were held in Paris, France.
By day, KRLD uses a non-directional antenna and the station is audible with a good radio from Oklahoma City to Austin.
Sudha was born on 19 June 1975 in Polur.
The men's halfpipe event in snowboarding at the 2006 Winter Olympics was held in Bardonecchia, a village in the Province of Turin, Italy.
DCL includes IF-THEN-ELSE, access to all the Record Management Services (RMS) file types including stream, indexed, and sequential, but unfortunately lacks a DO-WHILE or other looping construct, requiring users to make do with IF and GOTO-label statements instead.
The console was released in April 2012.
The story relates how some dogs, finding the skin of a lion, began to tear it to pieces.
The Lovell Sisters consisted of three permanent members: Jessica, Megan and Rebecca Lovell.
The Journal of Medicine and Philosophy is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering bioethics and philosophy of medicine.
He is twin brother to Caramon Majere, half-brother to his protective sister Kitiara uth Matar, and a significant member of the Heroes of the Lance.
She was decommissioned on 9 May 1919, and her name was struck from the Navy list on 7 July 1919.
Hellbilly Deluxe (released with the subtitle 13 Tales of Cadaverous Cavorting Inside the Spookshow International) is the solo debut studio album by American musician and filmmaker Rob Zombie.
Dunlap represented the United States in the road race at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the cross-country mountain bike event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
1996 San Marino Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 5 May 1996 at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari, Imola, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
The President also pays tribute to the national heroes of Sri Lanka, observes two minutes of silence in their memory, challenges and vows to eradicate separatism.
The book was adapted for BBC Radio 4 in 1995.
General is a brand of air conditioners owned by Fujitsu General of Japan.
Multiven Group BV provides multi-vendor Internet Protocol network infrastructure, technical support, maintenance and consulting services to large enterprises, Internet service providers, small, medium businesses, Telecommunications companies, Fortune 500, Academia and government agencies.
Operating bases are Lelystad Airport, Amsterdam Heliport and a company owned heliport in Emmer Compascuum, which is also the location of the company's head office.
A flight-to-quality, or flight-to-safety, is a financial market phenomenon occurring when investors sell what they perceive to be higher-risk investments and purchase safer investments, such as US Treasuries or gold.
Most of her work was published between 1990 and 1997.
The trail connects many of the key parts of Federal Way including Celebration Park and nearby The Commons at Federal Way Mall, the Weyerhaeuser King County Aquatic Center, Madrona Park and the wetlands of Panther Lake Park.
As I stood upon the very scene of that conflict, I could not but contrast my position with his, forty-seven years before.
It is located west of Oxford Road and south of the Manchester Business School, nearly a mile from the center of Manchester, UK.
Possibly his most memorable role was as a Japanese journalist in Boat People (1982), directed by Ann Hui.
These jobs are temporary, although when the mine closes some former employees will be transferred to Banks' new site at Highthorn, near Druridge Bay.
Its runtime is 5:23.
The 2018 Jingle Bell Ball is most likely to be on 8th & 9th December as the O2 arena has no events then.
Ross O'Carroll (born 1 January 1987) is a hurling and football player for Kilmacud Crokes and formerly of Dublin.
He played Patty O'Brien in Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery, the most successful film in which he has a credited role.
Microcrystalline waxes are derived from the refining of the heavy distillates from lubricant oil production.
The Prime Minister had rejected the assumption that there would be a big swing by the voters to the Opposition.
The album's title track is a cover of Hall & Oates' 1976 single, as well as the first single from it.
In March 1997 he was named Minister of Industries.
Woking Crematorium is a crematorium in Woking, a large town in the west of Surrey, England.
Certain simple benzopyrones have clinical medical value as an edema modifiers.
Ukraine was obligated to send over one million tons of grain to the Central Powers before July 1918.
In 1947 the business branched into retail with the first Sportsleigh stores opened in Collins Street and Toorak Road, Melbourne.
It was awarded the license to broadcast to the Salisbury and the surrounding areas by the former Radio Authority, now Ofcom, in 1991.
Advice is the fourth studio album by Canadian recording artist Basia Bulat, released on February 12, 2016 by Secret City Records.
It is also a constituency in Kiambu county, currently represented in parliament by Hon Francis Munyua Waititu.
In 2004, citing personal reasons, he resigned as CEO of the financial information and document management firm Bowne & Co, as well as from his position as a member of the New York State Board of Regents.
The family is one of several known collectively as Boston Brahmins.
The same material is used for the anti-suicide smock.
Kinnim is a tractate in the Mishna and Talmud.
Copelatus brasiliensis is a species of diving beetle.
One of the reasons for this, is the fact that above the ancient Singidunum grew modern Belgrade whose construction destroyed the earlier cultural layers.
It was originally listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in April 1994 under the name Gandel Retail Trust.
She is best known as one of the Final Four in the 2nd season of the widely-acclaimed GMA reality TV show, StarStruck.
The A. C. Gilruth House, located at 218 Second Ave.
The entire season was released on DVD in North America on April 17, 2007.
Since 1995 he is a member of the local council in the city of Genk.
Twin lucky numbers and twin primes also appear to occur with similar frequency.
Detroit left the group shortly afterwards in 1993, and Fahey resumed as the sole full member of the group.
Gaymont is a historic home located near Aurora, Preston County, West Virginia.
ESHE is dedicated to supporting activities which encourage new and innovative research in the field of human evolution, and is in particular supports the research of young scientists.
Flashing signals were provided at the nearby Station Street/Officer South Road level crossing in 1976.
This gene encodes a member of the DEAD box family of RNA-dependent ATPases that mediate ATP hydrolysis during pre-mRNA splicing.
He designed and painted a large mural at St. Dimitrija Solunski Macedonian Orthodox Church, Markham, Ontario and other churches.
In August 2012 GAMA received worldwide attention for its announcement of a galaxy system very similar to our own Milky-Way Magellanic Cloud system, centered on GAMA202627.
There are at least 28 members of the dogbane, gentian and milkweed order, Gentianales, found in Montana.
The following year, she starred in All Cheerleaders Die.
Joe Greene, Mike Singletary, Bruce Smith, Reggie White, and Ray Lewis have each won it twice.
Among the Thugs: The Experience, and the Seduction, of Crowd Violence is a 1990 work of journalism by American writer Bill Buford documenting football hooliganism in the United Kingdom.
Only one Vernandi was built, although there were plans for a second 2.9-litre engined V 16 engined car.
The journal is co-directed by Prof. Julian Richards (University of York) and Dr Michael Heyworth (Council for British Archeology) and supported by an Advisory Committee made up from representatives from the Archeology Data Service, the archeological commercial sector, and a range of leading international universities.
He worked in local advertising firms and soon joined up with boxing coaches Curt McCune and Jake Guercio of Champions Boxing and Fitness in Pelham and began boxing on the amateur circuit compiling a 21-3 amateur record.
It is released with Microsoft Windows Mobile 6.1, but can be upgraded to Windows Mobile 6.5.
Nowlin was subsequently defeated in a revised districting plan in 2011 but rebounded the next year as the first elected president of Natchitoches Parish.
In some markets beyond North America, the "Maxima" name has also been applied to the Nissan Cefiro and Teana (see below).
Topsail High School is now a North Carolina School of High Growth.
He directed Gangavataran on behalf of Kolhapur Movietone.
The Quitus were Pre-Columbian indigenous peoples in Ecuador who founded Quito, which is now the capital of Ecuador.
His voice is high pitched and whiney and is said to resemble that of W.C. Fields, whom he once met.
Adults have been recorded on wing from singing to drawing.
It was listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 28 November 2007.
The scenes with Dimebag Darrell at his home was shot just months before he was murdered on stage, playing with Damageplan.
They were unable to find another publisher and after seven years on and off, the project was finally abandoned.
It is located in the city center, on Szersznika street.
On his MySpace forum, Phil has been quoted as saying that Tim Finn was obsessed with making the songs sound better, while he had new songs that he wanted to record.
In 2018 the same team branched Leela Chess Zero from the same code base, also to verify the methods in the AlphaZero paper as applied to the game of chess.
Breckenridge was raised in Scotland and studied medicine at the University of St Andrew's.
As the Founder and Director of the Kangaroo Foundation and associate researcher of the Universidad Javeriana, her interests are in the care of low-birth weight pre-term infants, and the research and application of the Kangaroo Mother Care.
The Army Plots of 1641 were two real or alleged attempts by Royalist supporters of Charles I of England to use the army to crush dissent among members of the English parliament in the run-up to the English Civil War.
Patrick "Pat" Burns (1921 - June 8, 1996) was a Canadian radio talk show host and newspaper reporter.
It is a part of his compositional cycle called Sonatas and Partitas for Solo Violin.
A music video was produced for the song, featuring David Gedge and a woman (played by actress Annie Bergin) talking on their cell phones, in partially animated, comic book style.
It was founded in 1971 to supply the Brazilian refrigeration industry which, until then, relied entirely on imported compressors.
Mitchell David Lively (born September 7, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Chinatrust Brothers of the Chinese Professional Baseball League.
Love at Sea is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Rosalyn Boulter, Carl Harbord and Aubrey Mallalieu.
It has been recognized as a Geographical indication by the Government of India in 2005-06.As of 2008, an estimated 5,000 families were involved in sari production.
Texan underwing (Catocala texanae) is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Actual damage to bee populations is a function of toxicity and exposure of the compound, in combination with the mode of application.
The episode features American actor Edward Norton as con artist Devon Bradley, and would feature The Doors guitarist Robby Krieger as himself; however, the scene in which he appeared was removed because Mike Scully, the show runner for the episode, felt the scene was unnecessary.
That is, it is a musical composition in which two or more voices (usually at least three) repeatedly sing the same melody, beginning at different times.
Rani Arbo went on to found Rani Arbo and Daisy Mayhem, of which Kinsey is a member.
He was elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2014 from Odisha.
The vessel was wrecked at Long Reef, New South Wales, Australia.
A consort consisting entirely of instruments of the same family, on the other hand, was referred to as a "whole consort", though this expression is not found until well into the seventeenth century (Boyden 1957, 229).
Cychrus luhuo is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae.
Dame N'Doye (born 21 February 1985) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Danish club Copenhagen as a striker.
Apart from those in the below list, many other Kannada channels exist that are specific to geographical area or limited to certain cities or districts, run by local cable TV operators.
It is found in Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gambia, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sudan and Uganda.
In 1995 Pancrase held 10 events beginning with, Pancrase: Eyes of Beast 1.
The ships used for this service are called packet ships or packet boats.
The Local Government Act 1894 reconstituted the area as Ham Urban District, with an elected urban district council of 10 members replacing the local board.
The German Salaried Employees' Union, in German Deutsche Angestellten-Gewerkschaft (DAG) was an independent trade union based in Hamburg.
Newer DMS systems have seen utilization of mobile platforms as well.
It is the soundtrack to the BBC television series The Natural World: Atlantic Realm, a documentary about the Atlantic Ocean.
This genus unusually lacks a queen termite.
Freedom fighter late Rohini Dev Bhatta is also from the village as well as his daughter Dr. Madhabi Bhatta,who is the commissioner of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission Nepal.
The product can be recreated in model solutions.
Roosevelt is a future light rail station located in Seattle, Washington, United States.
The town is located in northeastern Iredell County and lies in the eastern portion of the North Carolina High Country.
Chart are charts of the best-selling independent singles and albums, respectively, in the United Kingdom.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.An earlier county courthouse stood on the southeast corner of the same lot since 1861 - a three-story stone building.
Tmesisternus avarus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The station was opened on 1 July 1906 and closed on 1 January 1931.
However, horses properly trained to do any of these movements are taught to respond to very specific commands and only raise their forequarters when given the command.
The show had reruns over Star Utsav and is available for free streaming on Hotstar.
Phenformin was discovered in 1957 by Ungar, Freedman and Seymour Shapiro, working for the US Vitamin Corporation.
The plot concerns the mysterious death of the daughter of a prominent Army general.
The next day, the crowd compelled the king, his family, and most of the French Assembly to return with them to Paris.
The second and third were released with the Complete Second Season Box Set DVD.
Joe Englert is a Washington DC area restaurateur.
Post-apocalyptic fiction is set in a world or civilization after such a disaster.
Leonard had a successful Super 14 where he played for Byron Kelleher who missed the first seven rounds of the competition to participate in the All Blacks reconditioning program.
Papilio erostratus, the Erostratus swallowtail, is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Guatemala, Costa Rica, Belize and Mexico.
Serge Panine is an 1890 novel by the French writer Georges Ohnet.
Abramoff and his wife gave $10,000 to the Bush-Cheney Recount Fund, shortly before Abramoff joined Greenberg Traurig, which forgave over $314,000 in legal fees incurred by the Bush Campaign in the 2000 Florida election recount.
The Yesvantpur - Muzaffarpur Weekly Express is an express train belonging to East Central Railway zone that runs between Yesvantpur Junction and Muzaffarpur Junction in India.
The decree forbade the import of British goods into European countries allied with or dependent upon France, and installed the Continental System in Europe.
The auditorium was recently refurbished and now holds 1,551 people, having lost around 150 seats.
My Life at Rose Red is a 2001 novel by Ridley Pearson focusing on the life of the fictional John and Ellen Rimbauer and the construction of their mansion, Rose Red, in the early 20th century.
In July 2014, the New Jersey Economic Development Authority awarded Holtec International a $260 million tax incentive to expand operations at the Port of Camden.
A teledotcom is a domain name that not only spells a memorable word but also has a matching toll-free telephone number.
BEACON stands for Bio/computational Evolution in Action CONsortium.
He is also a fellow of the Nigerian Statistical Association and a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Administrators and Researchers of Nigeria among others.
In 2007, he started in the film called "Strange Love" directed by J. Gaspar.
New Zealand is one of the few countries that continues to award the Efficiency Medal.
A Formal organization is an organization with a fixed set of rules of intra-organization procedures and structures.
Imotica is a village in Dubrovnik-Neretva County on the Dubrovnik Coast, population 122 (2011).
Richard Sleech D.D. (d. 2 March 1730) was a Canon of Windsor from 1722 to 1730.
The Northern City Line is a commuter line in England, which runs from London Moorgate to Finsbury Park in London with services running beyond.
Patrick E. Murray (born August 20, 1969) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player.
It is notorious for being the hometown of Felice Maniero, former boss of the criminal organization Mala del Brenta.
The lookout, which was built circa 1912, is one of the oldest extant U.S. Forest Service fire lookouts in the United States.
In 2005, the group finally released their self-titled debut album, through independent label.
17, Palam Marg belonging to Ashok Minda has been described as 'A house which redefines Luxury'.
It is also a founding member of the Association of Christian Universities and Colleges in Asia (ACUCA) and one of the recognized institutions in the U.S. Veterans Administration's list of approved educational institutions.
Tatarinov classified Phthinosaurus as a therocephalian in 1998, as therocephalians are known to have prominent coronoid processes.
The property includes four contributing buildings and three other contributing structures.
In 1998, it won the Gold Medallion Book Award for Study Bible of the Year, and as of 2007 had more than 1 million copies distributed.
Wabaunsee County (standard abbreviation: WB) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas.
The Headmaster, and the school, is a member of the HMC, COBIS and British Schools of the Middle East.
He played for the North Sydney Bears in 1999, the St. George Illawarra Dragons from 2000 to 2001, the South Sydney Rabbitohs from 2002 to 2003 and finally the Newcastle Knights in 2004.
The film won a Robert Award for Best Children's Film at the 2012 Robert Awards.
George Rae was a Scottish professional football forward who played in the Scottish League for Hibernian, Dunfermline Athletic, Dumbarton, Partick Thistle and Falkirk.
State Highway 81 (SH 81) is a Texas state highway that runs from Hillsboro to Grandview.
In January 2010, he extended his contract with Bristol.
Due to the short length of episodes, the series have often been used in many networks as an interstitial program.
The album features numerous P-Funk musicians including Garry Shider, Bernie Worrell, and Jerome Brailey.
The men's jump competition of the Water skiing events at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto were held from July 21 to July 23 at the Ontario Place West Channel.
Pattazy is a part of Pathanapuram Block Panchayat and Kollam district Panchayat.
In season five, the Over 25s category was changed to Over 24s (soloists aged 24 and over), the Under 25 Boys was changed to Under 24 Boys (male soloists aged 14 to 23) and the Under 25 Girls was changed to Under 24 Girls (female soloists aged 14 to 23).
The scientific name derives from the peculiar zipper-shaped morphology of the holotype specimen's jaws and unique dentition.
Included is "I'm So Cool," a song originally recorded on Carter's 1980 album, Musical Shapes.
The Tandy Corporation acquired Radioshack in 1970.
Although the idea originated from New York City, pop-up exhibitions occur all around the world.
The Sibiritidae have been removed from the Noritaceae where 8 genera were included to the Ceratitaceae with some 14 genera within three defined subfamilies, as indicated.
Axinidris bidens is a species of ant in the genus Axinidris.
In early Christianity, anti-Gnostic and anti-Arian writers such as Irenaeus and Cyprian of Carthage would often focus on the visible Church in order to oppose various opinions deemed heretical.
Timothy E. Ryan (born 20th century) is an American newspaper publisher and businessman.
Tradixionales is the sixth full-length album by the experimental rock group Thee Silver Mt. Zion under the name Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra.
Syracuse High School (also called Syracuse High or SHS) is a public high school in Syracuse, Utah, United States.
He also has reached the quarterfinals at 2014 and 2015 Wimbledon.
The volume consists of the plays 'The Pole' ('Polyus', written 1923), 'The Man from the USSR' ('Chelovek iz SSSR', written 1926), 'The Event' ('Sobytie', written 1938) and 'The Granddad' ('Dedushka').
A QDRO may also be entered for spousal support or child support.
For instance, the graph consisting of two vertices with a single edge has radio coloring number 3: it has a radio coloring with one vertex labeled 1 and the other labeled 3, but it is not possible for a radio coloring of this graph to use only the labels 1 and 2.
The American Chamber of Commerce in Kyrgyzstan was founded in cooperation with the US State Department in 2005 to promote and support the development of international and especially American business in Kyrgyzstan.
She is considered a trail blazer and influential female role model in Antarctic Research.
The corolla emerges from the calyx, its narrow tubular throat yellow and white spotted and its face white and blue spotted or streaked.
The East Africa Law Society (EALS) is the regional Bar Association of East Africa formed in 1995 and incorporated in Tanzania.
Also, archeological artifacts from the Bronze Age and the Roman Empire have been unearthed near the hamlet.
It also can be a side effect of many medications.
The Security Council said the increase was to protect the government and civilian population from al-Shabaab Islamist rebels and other groups.
It comprises all parts of the district that are not part of an incorporated municipality or a First Nations reserve.
Sometimes they are simple outlines, often on the same vessels as funeral scenes.
The following are the baseball events of the year 1951 throughout the world.
Lady Davinia sank at her moorings in 2008 and in 2011 was the wreck partially broken up after being named a navigational hazard.
The first appointments to the Orders of Guyana came in 1970 and were presented through 2002.
He served as president of what is now State University of New York at New Paltz from 1908 to 1923.
Since the home office and charter of McIlroy Bank & Trust in Fayetteville (founded in 1871), acquired by Arvest in 1986, have become Arvest's own official home office and charter, Arvest has reasonable claim to being the oldest bank in Arkansas.
It was co-produced by country music artist Tim McGraw and Byron Gallimore, who has also produced all of McGraw's albums.
Marlon Ramsey (born September 11, 1974 in Galveston, Texas) is an American former sprinter.
591 Irmgard is a minor planet orbiting the Sun.
Adult females have the ostial opening located between the seventh and eighth abdominal sternites instead of located anteriorly on the seventh sternite.
PAMAM dendrimers, sometimes referred to by the trade name Starburst, have been extensively studied since their synthesis in 1985, and represent the most well-characterized dendrimer family as well as the first to be commercialized.
The newspaper is delivered at no charge to the customer.
David Cubitt was a recurring star.
Norfolk Island listed 13 competitors as of 19 June 2015.
Zoe Rosenberg (born c. 2002) is an American animal rights activist and the founder of Happy Hen Animal Sanctuary, a California-based sanctuary for abused and mistreated farmed animals.
From 1997 to 2002, he was the Speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly for the John Olsen and Rob Kerin Liberal governments.
AFC President's Cup was the third edition of the AFC President's Cup, a competition for football clubs in countries categorized as "emerging nations" by the Asian Football Confederation.
Type sets are more popular for practicality and therefore are more common among younger or less wealthy coin collectors.
Reichersberg is a municipality in the district of Ried im Innkreis in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3525 living in 668 individual households.
He served as Minister of Finance between 2004 and 2009 and is a member of the United Progressive Party (UPP), representing St. John's Rural East.
The program consists of entirely online classes, so students can balance other responsibilities with advancing their education.
Hilcote chapel is also (2008) undergoing refurbishment and repair work.
Today the album is a rare collector's find, due largely to the ex post facto fame of Kosche, but also due to a controversy over lost/stolen studio tapes which prevented the record label from printing more CDs.
Within the TN set of occupations, a United States, Canadian, or Mexican citizen can work in the one of the other two countries for up to three years, but does not have the right to apply for permanent residence.
Parry was at the time the first professor and head of the new department of music at the recently founded University College Wales, Aberystwyth, now called Aberystwyth University.
Kratzert's family settled in the Soviet-occupied territory that became East Germany, where he grew up.
AMASS is an add-on enhancement to the host Airport Surface Detection Equipment Model 3 (ASDE-3) radar that provides automated aural alerts to potential runway incursions and other hazards.
The film stars Fannie Ward, Jack Dean, Charles West, William Elmer, Gertrude Kellar and Ronald Bradbury.
Marcus Tullius Tiro (died c. 4 BC) was first a slave, then a freedman of Cicero.
Maiyo won the 2012 Marine Corps Marathon.
The entire league collapsed after only one regular season game had been played.
The 2013 U.S. Dirt Legends Nationals event was held at the track.
He is also a former CIA officer and U.S. Marine.
Italian immigrants first came to the area around Syracuse, New York beginning in 1883 after providing labor for the construction of the West Shore Railroad.
Heteraster is an extinct genus of sea urchins belonging to the family Toxasteridae.
Thomas Birch, father of the first Baronet, was Mayor of Liverpool in 1777.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia main building is one of seven Stalinist skyscrapers, designed and overseen by Vladimir Gelfreykh and Adolf Minkus.
In 2002, "Elevation" won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 44th Annual Grammy Awards ceremony.
The lyrics were recently set to a new, original melody by composer Dan Forrest who also wrote a choral arrangement of the piece.
To register, each candidate had to collect at least 20,000 signatures and present them to the Central Electoral Commission.
Austin Matelson (born March 10, 1985) is an American professional wrestler and television personality.
The following is a list of indoor arenas in Lithuania, ordered by capacity.
The Operacycle was an American indie rock band from Portland, Oregon.
Sirlin, whose previous design work includes rebalancing Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix, approached the problem of rote endgames and static opening games in chess by introducing asymmetrical piece compositions and an additional win condition.
In early 2013 war erupted within the NDLF after 2 different commanders claimed to be leader.
Guler (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is one of the 68 assembly constituencies of Himachal Pradesh a center Indian state.
It was mustered out on June 27, 1865.The regiment served at various times in the defense of Washington D.C., in the Department of the Shenandoah, in the Middle Department and in the Army of the Potomac.
According to Beevor, 12,000 Portuguese participated.
The wing is shoulder mounted and it has a T-tail.
Kajan has competed at the IAAF World Youth Championships.
Taylor Corry (born 31 January 1995) is an Australian S14 swimmer.
George Thomas Whitesides is CEO of Virgin Galactic, a firm developing commercial space vehicles at the Mojave Air and Space Port.
It was released for Mac OS X in May 2012.
The most widely known species still surviving is the frilled shark (Chlamydoselachus anguineus).
The Swatch FIVB World Tour 2007 is an international beach volleyball competition.
Associated Motor Cycles (AMC) was a British motorcycle manufacturer founded by the Collier brothers as a parent company for the Matchless and AJS motorcycle companies.
NSL competes for contracts in the free market to provide air traffic control at airports in the UK and overseas, as well as providing related services including engineering, consultancy, information services and training.
The team plays its home games at Dickson Field, Queens University in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Twelfth Dynasty of ancient Egypt (Dynasty XII), is often combined with the Eleventh, Thirteenth and Fourteenth Dynasties under the group title Middle Kingdom.
Its main office is located in Tabubil and the building is known as the White House.
The game is about an audio recordist called Juliette Waters, who records the voices of ghosts through Electronic voice phenomenon.
It is crossed by Mortimer Street and Eastcastle Street.
In other cases the blockade runners would carry mail in an attempt to communicate with the outside world.
Visitors are taken around the mine by the mine manager (Mark Godden) to view the operations that take place over 20m below Portland.
The streets in the residential areas of Maarssenbroek don't have names themselves; the addresses are composed by appending the house number to the area name.
Both parts were directed by Scott Stewart.
Her work is installation based and incorporates video, performance, and found objects.
Blind is the debut Studio album by Irish singer Niamh Kavanagh.
The lib or labrum is depressed in the middle.
It is endemic to a stream near Valcheta in northern Patagonia, Argentina.
Some volunteers combine work with studying Hebrew at a kibbutz ulpan.
Having attended a political conference in Washington DC organized by Campaigns and Elections magazine to learn about polling, the company was commissioned to conduct a telephone poll prior to the Kincardine and Deeside by-election in 1991.
Its southern terminus is State Road 368 (23rd Street), and its northern terminus is State Road 390 (St. Andrews Blvd).
Ochetoceras is a genus of ammonites, belonging to the Oppeliidae, that lived during the Late Jurassic from the early Oxfordian to the early Tithonian, and type for the subfamily Ochetoceratinae.
The population of the civil parish as of the 2011 census is 9,840.
The stated purpose of this program was to reduce the considerable poverty and overpopulation on Java, to provide opportunities for hard-working poor people, and to provide a workforce to better utilize the natural resources of the outer islands.
The Cuba women's national field hockey team represents Cuba in international field hockey competitions.
This condition causes a slight to severe emotional reaction, as for example anxiety, panic attack or most commonly nausea.
At the 2010 census the population was 411, down from 431 in 2000.
Marshall was elected to the Newfoundland assembly in a 1970 by-election.
However, unlike DNA computing, this model is yet to be practically realized.
The 2010 European Speed Skating Championships were held at the indoor ice rink of the Vikingskipet in Hamar (Norway) on 9 and 10 January 2010.
This page contains a listing of notable French royal mistresses.
Notably, Eileen Blair died in the hospital while giving birth to George Orwell's child.
After the Acts of Union 1707, Dunfermline, Culross, Inverkeithing, Queensferry and Stirling formed the Stirling district of burghs, returning one member between them to the House of Commons of Great Britain.
Benefit of the Doubt, a documentary about the making of the play, was released in 1967.
Joseph Herscher, better known by his YouTube pseudonym, Joseph's Machines, is a YouTube personality and kinetic artist who specializes in making comical chain-reaction machines.
Gallegos currently serves as Senior Vice President, Health Policy and Communications for the Hospital Association of Southern California.
According to Architecture & Governance Magazine, (Strategic) IT planning has become an overarching discipline within the Strategic Planning domain in which enterprise architecture is now one of several capabilities.
It was taken over by the Union Army to provide control of the Mississippi River south of the city.
Luke Ford (born 26 March 1981) is an Australian actor.
The film was produced by Patricia Lovell and stars Noni Hazelhurst and Colin Friels.
Relations worsened even further during the so-called Photian Schism, when Pope Nicholas I challenged Photios' elevation to the patriarchate.
Pterallastes is a genus of bee-mimicking hoverflies.
The first event, a 35-lap feature race, was won by DAMS driver Romain Grosjean from a pole position start.
As outlined in the film, decisions relating to which crops are grown and how they are grown are based on government manipulated economic considerations rather than their true economic, environmental, or social ramifications.
Carrie Wilson served as president of the union and Abbie Jacques was the secretary.
In the suit, Kalamazoo Baseball, LLC requested $25,000 in damages, as well as interest and attorney fees.
Governor Mike Beebe signed an act into law recognizing Springdale as "The Poultry Capital Of The World" in 2013.
It was directed by George Fitzmaurice.
On February 10, 1993, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Concerns were also expressed about Britain's prospective membership in the Common Market and the possible impact on trade relations between the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth.
The village has an enthusiastic local history society which runs a website and offers assistance to anyone trying to trace ancestors from the area.
Copperhead is the name of three different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Lipocosma diabata is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Sukumar Hansda is an Indian politician and the ex Minister for Paschimanchal Unnayan Affairs in the Government of West Bengal.
Much of the nation's road network was built during the 1960s but left to ruin during the 1980s and 90's wars.
Its concern is to explore distribution possibilities and to provide a critical discussion about the functions of an exhibition.
She is currently full professor at Canterbury University.
It is a piano trio recording, with Larry Grenadier on bass and Jeff Ballard on drums.
Old Portsmouth is a district of the city of Portsmouth.
Blair has also engineered songs for many artists, including Weezer, George Benson, Smokey Robinson, Unwritten Law, Lee Dewyze, Kelly Clarkson, P. Diddy, The Black Eyed Peas, Ryan Adams, Bird York, Stephen Bishop, David Cassidy, Melissa Etheridge and others.
Aldo Parecchini (born 21 December 1950) is a retired Italian road bicycle racer.
He is also associated with the Demigodz and the Get Busy Committee, as well as being the founder of SpyTech Records, which is located in Reseda, Los Angeles, and formally owned the Cheapshot's bar, which is located in Long Beach, California under new ownership as the Stache.
It debuted at number nine on the UK Albums Chart, whilst also making 31 in the Republic of Ireland.
Wallis is board-certified in internal medicine, hematology, and endocrinology/metabolism.
Khan made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1987-88 season, against House Building Finance Corporation.
Kenge is the capital of Kwango Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Johnson went on to develop a range of electrographic mark-sense machinery.
It won the award for Outstanding Country Album at the 2003 Western Country Music Awards and was named album of the year by the Saskatchewan Country Music Association.
It was first described by Smith in 1903 and is part of the Manruta Family, with no subspecies.
This program is also known as Higher Art and can also be offered as a Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Ordinary Level (O-level) subject.
It neighbors the communities of Green Cove and Pike's Arm and is a terminus of Route 346.
Hagen von Ortloff (born May 1949 in Zwickau) is a German TV presenter.
2012 JAF Grand Prix Fuji Sprint Cup was the final racing event for both the 2012 Super GT season and the 2012 Formula Nippon season.
The white-crested elaenia (Elaenia albiceps) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers.
The mascot of Soddy Daisy High School is a "Trojan" selected by the senior class of 1940 over the "Rams".
In the World Games, the women's team won bronze medals in the Indoor 540 kg competition at both the 2013 and 2017 editions.
It is based on the 1911 novel Jonah by Australian writer Louis Stone.
However, a large percentage of its vocabulary is not seen in the other dialects.
Sheriff Deen (often erroneously reported as Sheriff Mohammed Deen) is a Ghana international football player.
The Austrian city, having hosted the Winter Olympics in 1964, was in the process of having the venues used for those Games before Denver's with clear cutting of the alpine skiing venues, lessening of the amount of cross-country skiing routes, upgrading the ski jumps, adding lighting in the indoor sports arena to accommodate color television, and the construction of a combination bobsleigh and luge track.
The Order of the Iron Crown (Couronne de Fer) was an honorary order founded on 5 June 1805 in Milan by Napoleon I, acting as king of the Kingdom of Italy (1805-1814), on the model of the Legion of Honor.
Blavia is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.
Arlene Perly Rae is a Canadian journalist, literary critic and author.
These singles account for two of the three Waltari compositions to reach the top 20 in the Finnish charts.
However, the Florida Supreme Court would reverse Spaziano's death sentence based on the judge's receipt of a confidential report which was not received by either party.
It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Kenya, Tanzania, Zambia and Angola.
The shutter unit of the EOS-3 passed Canon's standard endurance tests of 100,000 shutter cycles whereas the EOS-1v was specified to withstand at least 150,000 shutter cycles.
GSS-TSIG uses TKEY records for key exchange between the DNS client and server in GSS-TSIG mode.
39S ribosomal protein L19, mitochondrial is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MRPL19 gene.
It stretches between the parishes of Blean and Dunkirk (where the 2011 Census population is included.), in the districts of Canterbury and Swale respectively.
Frantom claims to be an expressionist and completes all of his paintings within hours.
It operates these educational exchange programs with funding assistance from the federal Department of Canadian Heritage.
Saiful Amar bin Sudar (born 10 June 1982) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia Super League.
The play is based on the historical meeting of Gabriele d'Annunzio and Lempicka, who was hoping to be commissioned by d'Annunzio to paint his portrait.
The two species were formerly placed in different families, and they were only shown to be related, and placed in a new subfamily (now elevated to the taxonomic rank of family), in 2000.
They are: Latvijas Statistika (Latvia), Eesti Statistika (Estonia), and Lietuvos Statistika (Lithuania).
Due to the continuing civil wars, a number of provinces and territories, particularly in the then-remote far north and far south, continued to issue their own postage brands and stamps for some time, afterwards; some of these issues have since become collectors' items.
On that occasion, he returned to meet John O'Hara, who had organized the musical arrangement of Quadrophenia.
Nate Kinski is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbors, played by Meyne Wyatt.
The station was assigned the call sign WXXD-LP by the Federal Communications Commission on July 6, 2006.
The building was designed by Willoughby J. Edbrooke and Franklin Pierce Burnham.
It is a part of the private equity portfolio of Morgan Stanley.
However, scholars distinguish between user satisfaction and usability as part of Human-Computer Interaction.
S. B. S. Abayakoon is the former Vice-Chancellor of University of Peradeniya, Sri Lanka.
Hanif is the author of the critically acclaimed book A Case of Exploding Mangoes, which was long-listed for the Booker Prize, shortlisted for the Guardian First Book Award, and won the Commonwealth Prize for Best Book.
It usually takes place on the final weekend of May, and is owned and managed by PVF Events.
In addition to episodes produced in the United States, the series also aired episodes that were originally produced and broadcast in the United Kingdom.
Pure pursuit is a type of pursuit curve used in aerial combat in which an aircraft pursues another aircraft by pointing its nose directly towards it.
They began deteriorating again in the end of 2007 when torture and repression tactics were being used again.
Thus relocated to 18 South 7th Street, Scottie's on Seventh reopened in 1983 but closed in 1985.
It also appeared on the 2004 album Don't Talk, recorded by British jazz singer Claire Teal.
For example, there is a Star Wars Miniatures module, where players can play with up to three others in a digital replica of the table-top game.
Together with the Ojibways of Onigaming First Nation, Big Grassy First Nation is a successor apparent to the former Assabaska Band of Saulteaux.
Many years after the project was shelved due to personal and technical difficulties with recording, Wilson chose to revisit the material with Parks as a specially arranged live concert performance.
It can refer to cervical effacement.
The musical is based on the 1996 movie of the same name.
There have been several bands called the Ardells.
Also with equal scores were Petra Kmetec from Slovenia and Hungary's Marianna Hegyi, both claiming silver.
He is currently working for the Pro Wrestling Alliance, and is also well known for his appearances in the Arlington, Texas-based Professional Championship Wrestling, where he is recognized as their first Grand Slam Champion.
In 2018 the band released their fourth album, Ordinary Corrupt Human Love.
Autoheart are a London-based indie-pop group formed in 2011 - featuring founder members Jody Gadsden, vocals, Simon Neilson, piano and keys, with Barney JC, guitar, and David Roman, drums.
The United States agreed to honor these land grants when it gained control of the territory, provided that they were shown to be valid.
Bill Guyton (born 17 March 1990) is a New Zealand rugby union player.
Lucy Coe is a fictional character from the ABC Daytime soap operas General Hospital and Port Charles.
The 2006 World Fencing Championships were held at the Oval Lingotto in Turin, Italy.
The remaining four escapees managed to cross the French border and were detained by the French government, but escaped once again.
He entered the Baltimore Orioles farm system and played for the Bowie Baysox in 2004, after which he voluntarily retired from pro baseball due to shoulder injury.
A brother named Esamenopet was depicted in the tomb.
Thus, this specialized ambulance includes all the tools necessary for hyperacute treatment of stroke patients and diagnosis-based triage directly at the emergency site.
He is the brother of sprinter Eddy Monsels.
The goal of dynamic priority scheduling is to adapt to dynamically changing progress and form an optimal configuration in self-sustained manner.
Saunibius moyseyi is a species of beetles in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Saunibius.
Kesswil is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
The tour showcased material from her third studio album, Loose (2006).
Edward Lewis Brown (born 1942) and his wife, Elaine Alice Brown (born c. 1940), residents of the state of New Hampshire, gained national news media attention as tax protesters in early 2007 for refusing to pay the U.S. federal income tax and subsequently refusing to surrender to federal government agents after having been convicted of tax crimes.
A daggerboard is a retractable centreboard used by various sailing craft.
After an extended absence, Sleep Chamber returned in 2008 with a new lineup, a slew of new releases, and a revised name, SLEEPCHAMBER.
Producers to exploit one of the fishing industry's most valuable by-products.
He was a second-round pick in the 2004 NFL Draft, and played professionally for the Tennessee Titans and Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL.
K. V. Abdul Khader (6 June, 1964-) is a Communist Party of India (Marxist) politician from Thrissur and Member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly from Guruvayoor Assembly Constituency.
In mathematics, the category of rings, denoted by Ring, is the category whose objects are rings (with identity) and whose morphisms are ring homomorphisms (preserving the identity).
It is a Contemporary hit radio station that simulcasts a second HD Radio subchannel of parent station WOVO, which is licensed to Horse Cave, but also serves Bowling Green and Glasgow.
The building has a hipped roof, projecting corner towers, and a classically ornamented belfry covered by an elongated domical roof and capped by a lantern.
The leges provinciae were sets of laws first enacted in 146 BC designed to aid in the regulation and administration of the Roman provinces.
The silvery-cheeked hornbill (Bycanistes brevis) is a large species of hornbill found in Africa.
One comparison of estimates between 1983 and 2004 suggest the annual number rose from 50,000 to 60,000 criminal competency evaluations respectively.
The Minister for Child Protection is a position in the Cabinet of Western Australia, first created in 1933 during the Second Collier Ministry.
Main Building, also known as "Old Main," is a historic building located on the former campus of West Virginia University Institute of Technology at Montgomery, Fayette County, West Virginia.
The tractor can tow an aircraft from the terminal gate to the take-off point (taxi-out phase) and return it to the gate after landing (taxi-in phase).
The commonalities and differences between religious experiences across different cultures have enabled scholars to categorize them for academic study.
German submarine U-17 was a Type IIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine.
Ostensibly, it is a representation of "a turkey buzzard getting ready to eat a dead Mule (some report a Cow)", performed with a comic sensibility known as hokum.
He competed in the bantamweight event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, but was eliminated in the third bout.
Trained as a carpenter, he settled in Yonkers, New York and did home renovations.
He has contributed to a number of solo albums by his parents, including Flaming Pie (1997) and Driving Rain (2001) by Paul McCartney and Wide Prairie (1998) by Linda McCartney.
The 37th Golden Raspberry Awards, or Razzies, was a parodic awards ceremony that honored the worst the film industry had to offer in 2016.
Silentnight is the largest UK manufacturer of beds & mattresses and is located in Barnoldswick, Lancashire, England.
Progressive constitutions after World War II provided for increasing representation and electoral government by Nigerians.
Other cousins include the Grand Rabbis of Chernobyl, and many people with the last name of Twersky or Twerski.
Steven James Brody (born May 22, 1970), better known as Brody Stevens, is an American stand-up comedian and actor.
The Frederic Ewen Academic Freedom Center at New York University's Tamiment Library is named after Frederic Ewen, an author, teacher, and an outspoken advocate for civil liberties and intellectual freedom.
This gene encodes a protein present at the cell surface.
The Sungai Lasi and Batang Pamo rivers are in the hilly area.
XHCORO-FM is a radio station on 98.7 FM in Loma Bonita, Oaxaca, serving Tuxtepec.
Kratka Township is a township in Pennington County, Minnesota, United States.
In philosophy, the unity of the proposition is the problem of explaining how a sentence in the indicative mood expresses more than just what a list of proper names expresses.
Hoebens is most well known for debunking the claims of psychic detectives.
She recorded a time of 5:47.6 to finish third in her heat and did not progress to the final.
It is native to North America, where it occurs in the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
Lucius Julius Iulus was Magister Equitum in 430 BC, and consul in 430.
He also played for Toronto Metros in the NASL.
What's Wrong with Nanette?
Deliberately there are no statutes or regulations for the cup, so just like the whisper game it tends to shift from year to year in the format.
Sonia Catalina Mercado Gallegos (born 23 October 1968) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRI.
It is grammatically Boholano, the native language of Bohol, with a substituted lexicon.
The Sulawesi scops owl (Otus manadensis) is an owl found in Sulawesi, Indonesia.
She represents the 40th district, encompassing Kendall and surrounding areas in southern Miami-Dade County.
Founded in February 1991 as the post-communist evolution of the Italian Communist Party, the party was the largest in the Alliance of Progressives and The Olive Tree coalitions.
In April 2012, European Blue Card legislation was implemented in Germany, allowing highly skilled non-EU citizens easier access to work and live in Germany, subject to certain requirements.
The galaxy is a member of the Virgo II Groups, an extension of the Virgo Cluster.
Lois Thompson was a college football player for the Kentucky University Pioneers, selected All-Southern in 1903.
The following players were named in the last squad for the friendly match against Ukraine U18s on 7 January 2013.
The program was well received and thus widely imitated.
SPF/SE 365 is a text editor and file manager sold by Command Technology Corporation.
Despite the uncertainty surrounding the subject matter, the painting, which shows a satyr mourning over the body of a young woman, has been one of the most popular works by Piero di Cosimo.
The company also introduced the Sol-10 and Sol-20 as complete computer systems, differing largely in that the -10 did not include the expansion slots.
Interstate 95 Business is a business loop of Interstate 95 entirely within Cumberland County, North Carolina.
In contrast to a logging road the logging trail is also free of gravel or other material and a pure earth trail.
Venkatesh was capped for India for the gold-medal winning 1951 Asian Games India squad.
She was eventually sold for breaking up in 1887, after nearly ninety years in British service.
The La Esperanza Group is a geologic group in Mexico.
The railroad closed its facilities at Terrace, moving the division point to Montello, Nevada.
Several journalists felt that GameFX captured all the elements that represented a Sinistar game and stayed true to the franchise by feeling familiar to fans of the original game.
Stanley railway station on the Methley Joint Railway served the village of Stanley east of Outwood, Wakefield, West Yorkshire.
One of them stands at 133m while the other stands at 113m.
Local newspapers include the Gorey Guardian and Gorey Echo.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Gabon, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, Somalia, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
It describes one point in time (one window, to be precise).
Their burrowing behavior is unique in Australian dragons; they cover all but their snouts with a shuffling action, burying themselves in the sand; this behavior may help the dragons to regulate their temperature.
Eristena gregaria is a moth in the family Crambidae.
This is a list of notable people from Saint John, New Brunswick.
Many late night talk shows feature a house band which generally performs cover songs for the studio audience during commercial breaks and occasionally will back up a guest artist.
Horton was born in St. Thomas, Ontario and was educated at the University of Western Ontario before earning a Masters of Business Administration from Harvard Business School in 1933.
Alfonso Smith (born January 23, 1987) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent.
Dr. Rhea is a widely published author of articles on the area of Malpractice Liability and is certified to grant Continued Medical Education Contact hours for physicians and registered nurses attending his programs.
As demonym of Nunavut is called Nunavummiut or Nunavummiuq.
James Carl Vellone (August 20, 1944 - August 21, 1977) was a guard in the National Football League.
He subsequently withdrew from that race and stood for re-election to his House seat.
Mary Roy is an Indian educator and women's rights activist, known for winning a lawsuit in 1986, against the inheritance legislation of her Keralite Syrian Christian community in the Supreme Court.
Members of the Kassar tribe make up the bulk of the population.
The corp was named the 9th best linebacking corps in NFL history by nfl.com.
She has also appeared on The Brady Bunch, A Very Brady Christmas, and The Brady Bunch Movie.
Biological pigments, also known simply as pigments or biochromes, are substances produced by living organisms that have a color resulting from selective color absorption.
Avon Lake was designated a Tree City USA by the National Arbor Day Foundation.
Rogate railway station, also known variously as Rogate for Harting, and Rogate and Harting, supposedly served these two villages in the county of West Sussex in England.
Music from The Audreys features in the soundtrack for the show, including the main theme.
The day use fee is $7 per vehicle.
The album was re-released in a box set on 25 January 2005 with their debut album, Westlife.
Frisa ran for re-election in 1996 but was defeated by Carolyn McCarthy, who drew much attention to Frisa's opposition to certain federal firearms legislation.
The boundaries of the current neighborhood extend as far east as Bayview Avenue, west to Bathurst Street, south to the 401 freeway, and north to Steeles Avenue.
Medford is a city 3.2 miles northwest of downtown Boston on the Mystic River in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.
He studied at the Academy of Fine Arts of Florence.
George Christian "G. C." Green (Born 1964) is an English musician, best known as the co-founder and bass guitarist of the Birmingham-based industrial metal band, Godflesh.
At the time the Baathists were in the process of breaking their alliance with the Iraqi Communist Party.
Korean studio Dong Woo Animation provided the animation.
The replacement can happen in two ways: by regeneration in which the necrotic cells are replaced by new cells that form similar tissue as was originally there; or by repair in which injured tissue is replaced with scar tissue.
Now defunct, the foreign intelligence remit is handled by the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6).
Sea turtle migration refers to the long-distance movements of sea turtles (superfamily Chelonioidea) notably as adults but may also refer to the offshore migration of hatchings.
Since he was convicted of a misdemeanor, he will continue to hold office during his jail sentence.
He finished eighth at the 2007 World Championships.
Transfer to other Amazon Web Services is free of charge.
In addition to the ability for users to chat and create profiles, Armor Games primarily hosts curated Flash games and MMOs, sometimes sponsoring the creation of them.
Namsaling is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal.
He was their National Scout Commissioner from its 1910 founding to his death in 1941.
It resulted from the resignation of Hugh Holmes, one of the members in this two-seat constituency, following his appointment as a high court judge.
She has released six albums.
This was Kent's first album recorded in the French language and featured mostly songs by French writers as well as songs from the Great American Songbook and Bossa Nova catalog.
The Goethe Award for Psychoanalytic and Psychodynamic Scholarship is given annually by the Section on Psychoanalytic and Psychodynamic Psychology of the Canadian Psychological Association.
Dublin and Ricketts are linked by a stone causeway.
It was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and has sold 690,000 copies as of August 2015.
The Weston Museum is located within the Van Houten Library at the New Jersey Institute of Technology in the University Heights section of Newark, New Jersey.
The Music Publishers Association of the United States (MPA) is a non-profit music publishing organization based in New York City.
Thus, ocean fertilization with iron also contributes to the carbon-fixing marine biomass of fish species which have been removed from the ocean by over-fishing.
Construction Tycoon is a business simulation game in which the player manages multiple construction sites.
The passion for hockey in Kodagu is so much that more than 200 families participate in an annual hockey festival.
The statutory basis for licensing of firearms use in New Zealand is laid out in the Arms Act and Arms Regulations.
It shares its name with the city of Polokwane (formerly Pietersburg).
Rieves was a professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Oakland Raiders and Houston Oilers.
Web scraping a web page involves fetching it and extracting from it.
Athipattu is a census town in Chennai in Thiruvallur district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Although he suffered a bruised foot, he was otherwise uninjured, and competed in the Busch Series race in Mexico City the next weekend.
San Diego was known for many of the ground, street and vert riders.
This Technicolor feature film was released on February 12, 1938 by Warner Bros. Pictures.
The 2003 Docu-Film Step Into Liquid featured his story and his friendship with Rob Machado.
Klein began to produce record spots for other major labels, including Warner Bros. Records, Capitol Records, EMI-America, Motown, Liberty, Chrysalis, Ariola-America among others.
The Philippines largest coal power plant, the 1200 megawatt Sual Power Station, is located in this municipality.
Mainpuri town is the district headquarters.
One-hundred and forty-five singles were in the top ten in 1992.
Veeraraghavan has been involved with the practice of image construction through meticulously manipulated digital images that are skilfully layered and juxtaposed to open up new possibilities of meaning.
Toledo (born 17 May 1989) is a Venezuelan swimmer.
GHSA tracks information on current state highway safety laws, including cell phone and text messaging restrictions, seat belt laws, and drunk driving penalties.
However, not only did Gledstanes reside there, he let out parts of the building to an assortment of tenants of different social classes (another merchant, a minister, a knight, and a guild officer).
War Stories is the third studio album by English electronic music group UNKLE.
The ninth series of Let's Dance started on 11 March 2016.
It was first known as the Walter Rothschild Zoological Museum; however, in April 2007 the NHM changed its name.
It adjoins the River Isle, near its confluence with the Parrett, and the former Westport Canal.
He is best known for his role as the voice of Andy Davis in the Toy Story film trilogy.
Following their dissolution; they were first replaced in Solihull by the newly formed Solihull Kings, who joined the EPIHL for two seasons between 2003 and 2005 before dissolving; and later replaced by a reformed Solihull Barons who again joined the EPIHL for two seasons between 2005 and 2007; before settling into the lower English National Ice Hockey League from 2007 onwards.
It currently hosts rugby union matches as well as local football matches.
This is done through training programs, performance evaluations and reward programs.
Ajuga genevensis (also variously known as the upright bugle, blue bugle, Geneva bugleweed, blue bugleweed) is a herbaceous flowering plant native to Europe.
The film is directed by Ty Evans, Spike Jonze, and Cory Weincheque.
No music video was released for the track.
Developed 3 World Champions in 3 different countries (Poland,USA,Canada).
Bouncy Castle is a collection of APIs used in cryptography.
Some of its workers founded Pyro Studios in 1998.
Igor Kuljanac (born 9 August 1989) is a Slovenian football midfielder.
In Great Cities is the debut album by Coventry-based band Honeytrap.
"Make Some Noise" by Krystal Meyers.
The ceremony coincides with the King's Feast.
She previously played for third-tier Livorno and Serie A club Torres.
Phlox bifida, the cleft phlox or sand phlox, is native to the Midwestern United States, the Ozarks, and the cedar glades of Kentucky and Tennessee.
White had been subpoenaed earlier by the office of then New York State Attorney-General Andrew Cuomo in connection with investigations into campaign fundraising solicitations from pension fund managers.
Telioneura hypophaea is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae.
Something for Joey is a 1977 American made-for-television sport drama film about the relationship between college football player John Cappelletti (portrayed by Marc Singer), and his younger brother Joey (Jeff Lynas).
John Imlah (1799-1846), was a Scottish poet.
Dinoflagellate Blooms is the fourth studio album that J. G. Thirlwell has issued under the pseudonym Manorexia.
Vernon gathered together several musicians to form a band to tour with.
The voters will elect for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, the two Congressmen, and the twelve councilors for the city's two Sangguniang Panglungsod districts, six for each district.
The Patriot (French: Le patriote) is a 1938 French historical drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Harry Baur, Pierre Renoir and Suzy Prim.
James lives in Franklin, Tennessee.
This collection of songs come from a set of shows John Mayall completed in Frankfurt, Germany and has been released through Secret Records.
Stan Rose (born February 2, 1956) is a Ph.D. biologist, seasoned biotechnology executive, and serial entrepreneur.
Subsidiaries include Ocean Tomo Risk Management, LLC, Ocean Tomo Asset Management, LLC, OTI Data Networks, LLC, Patent Marking, LLC, and Ocean Tomo Capital, LLC.
The decision's significance has been limited by the House of Lords decision in Lubbe v Cape plc and the groundbreaking decision in Chandler v Cape plc, holding that a direct duty may be owed in tort by a parent company to a person injured by a subsidiary.
According to Leonard, St. Theresa read the same text as an illustration of Mary's audaciousness.
Prior to the appointment Shabram was Vice President of Midland Newspapers and Senior Director of Digital for Berkshire Hathaway Media based in Omaha Nebraska.
They instead eliminate the soil under the carcass, so the carcass will sink underneath.
Peter Ndlovu originally comes from Binga district in North Western, Siabuwa Zimbabwe.
All Hallows' School Buildings are a heritage-listed group of Roman Catholic private school buildings at 547 Ann Street, Fortitude Valley, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Prior to opening Offspring Entertainment, Shankman was Hollywood's go-to choreographer and Gibgot worked with Tapestry Films.
The original picture showed Cliff together with the Shadows, however the layout for the EP was adapted and Cliff was replaced by yellow triangles..
Special Agent Abigail Brand is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
He negotiated with Giordano Filangieri, the marshal of Sicily, sent by Frederick in 1228 to represent his authority in Acre until the emperor could make the trip in person.
The Theban Tomb C.7 is an Ancient Egyptian tomb in Thebes, Upper Egypt.
It offers Education from 6th standard to 12th Standard both in Tamil and English Medium.
Zinc finger homeobox 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ZFHX2 gene.
Anasta explained that since Elly's last appearance, she had trained as an English teacher.
It is used by many of the world's largest commercial companies, as well as some of the supercomputers on the Top 500 List.
Being a Landlocked country, the Central African Republic does not have a navy.
Yannick Stopyra (born 9 January 1961) is a French retired footballer who played as a striker.
It was recorded in England, when the artist was in an exile imposed by the Brazilian government of the time for being subversive.
Within the walls one can find the buildings associated with a medieval military settlement: a warden's house, barracks, kitchens, stables, a chapel, and a keep.
Richard Norton, Stan Wertlieb, Stack Pierce, Chuck Jeffreys and Kymberly Paige also appear in the film.
Pterolophia conformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The first season was broadcast from Orlando, Florida.
Ambarijeby or Ambarijeby Sud is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.
In the mid-19th century the parish was formed when the parish of Widcombe and Lyncombe was split in two, but it was abolished in the late 1960s.
The Sierra Jensen Series is a teen book series by Christian author Robin Jones Gunn.
Tiffany Pollard (born January 6, 1982), sometimes known by her nickname New York, is an American reality television personality and actress.
Lulsgate hosted two race meetings, in 1949 and 1950.
In 2011 the work of the NCCA at Bournemouth University was further recognized through the award of the Queen's Anniversary Prize for 'world-class computer animation teaching with wide scientific and creative applications'.
A Republican, Yoder was the Kansas State Representative for the 20th district from 2003 to 2011.
Kevin Matthew Ziomek (born March 21, 1992) is a former American professional baseball pitcher for the Detroit Tigers organization.
Magnapop first achieved recognition in the Benelux countries of Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg through the festival circuit and have remained popular in Europe throughout their career.
The first American edition was published by Harper & Brothers, Publishers, New York.
A half back flanker, Bradbury was a premiership player at Essendon in 1984.
Redistributions are also held when the Commission determines (following a formula laid down in the Electoral Act) that the distribution of seats among the states and territories must be changed because some states are growing faster than others.
Autonomous Detection Systems (ADS), also called biohazard detection systems, or autonomous pathogen detection systems, are designed to monitor air in the environment and to detect the presence of airborne chemicals, toxins, pathogens, or other biological agents capable of causing human illness or death.
It also removes the rule's safe harbor protection, which currently allows attorneys to correct their pleadings, claims or contentions within a 21-day period without fear of sanctions.
Calypso Heat Wave is a 1957 American film starring Merry Anders, Meg Myles and, as herself, Maya Angelou.
Eleocharis vivipara is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by several common names, including umbrella hairgrass, sprouting spikerush, and viviparous spikerush.
In the mid-1940s, ownership of the bridge was transferred away from Caddo Parish to the Louisiana Department of Highways (LA Department of Transportation & Development, abbreviated as DOTD).
A deputy mayor is selected from among the city councilors to fill in for the mayor as needed when he/she is unavailable.
It burrows in the muddy sediments on the seabed and feeds on molluscs.
A street or road name or odonym is an identifying name given to a street.
He played 243 matches in the Bundesliga for Borussia Dortmund, Werder Bremen and 1.
Ruffer & Sons was a Franco-German bank founded in Lyon in 1872 and dissolved in 1964.
An L clearance is a security clearance used by the United States Department of Energy (DOE) and Nuclear Regulatory Commission for civilian access relating to nuclear materials and information under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954.
The .50-70 Government (also called the .50-70 Musket or .50 Government) is a black powder cartridge adopted in 1866 for the Springfield Model 1866 Trapdoor Rifle.
Benjamin Kigen (born July 5, 1993) is a steeplechase competitor from Kenya.
Producer Ralph Sall gathered an assortment of new, classic and iconic artists for the record.
Tropical fish are generally those fish found in aquatic tropical environments around the world, including both freshwater and saltwater species.
In 2015, the company was involved in a number of controversies surrounding drug price hikes and the use of a specialty pharmacy for the distribution of its drugs, which led to an investigation by the SEC and caused its stock price to plummet more than 90 percent from its peak while its debt surpassed $30 billion.
AmigaOS is a family of proprietary native operating systems of the Amiga and AmigaOne personal computers.
The National Premier Leagues Victoria is an Australian professional association football league comprising teams from Victoria.
The Japanese release included two B-side songs.
He won an Oscar for Best Sound and was nominated for thirteen more in the same category.
He is a Fulbright scholar.
Breitensteinia is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Akysidae.
Currently, she is the CEO and President of TextProject, Inc., an agency that is dedicated to bringing beginning and struggling readers to high levels of literacy through a variety of strategies and tools, particularly through using science and social studies texts, used for reading instruction.
The units of measurement mentioned, are plethra and stadia.
Unaware of the Box's nature, Deckard opens it, unleashing all kinds of mythological creatures rampaging throughout the world, as well as granting him a strange power (the Signet) which could be the key to resolving this crisis.
It is based upon a Saturday Evening Post short story "The Bear Trap" by Byron Morgan.
After a period of rapid contraction the label slowly expired, terminating operations and removing its music from online distribution channels early in 2012.
Berbers in Niger are Niger citizens of Berber descent or persons of Berber descent residing in Niger.
He was named the 19th (out of 25) of IGN's Top 25 Simpsons Peripheral Characters.
A local election was held in the Mexican state of Guanajuato on Sunday, July 2, 2006.
Beginning as a tornadic waterspout over Lake Huron, the tornado ripped through the lakeside town of Goderich severely damaging the historic downtown and homes in the surrounding area.
The tribe is descended from the first-known inhabitants of the valley, which the Pomo called Ba-lo Kai.
Those that bought extra packs have been directed to Ubisoft support for compensation, amounts will be updated here once known.
Evans moved to the Torquay area in 1904 from Wales, joining Ellacombe Football Club before moving to the newly formed Torquay Town side.
Habba Kadal is a wooden bridge located in the old city of Srinagar, in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir that crosses the Jhelum river.
Each member federation can send up to two men and two women to compete.
Customized business training includes corporate and technical training as well as continuing education coursework, in addition to career services.
Television operators are no longer regulated at the national level.
As of 2011 the school caters to approximately 1,000 students in years 7 to 12 from the local area.
Gunbar was built by Ardrossan Drydock & Shipbuilding Company, Glasgow for the North Coast Steam Navigation Company and launched on 9 December 1911.
On his debut in first-class cricket, he scored 168 as opening batsman, versus Derbyshire.
That the phenomenological world is experienced freely in an undistorted way.
Ortopla is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Fort Victoria is landward of Fort Albert, and the Western Redoubt (also known as Fort William) is behind it.
Francine du Plessix Gray is an American Pulitzer Prize-nominated writer and literary critic.
Nijdam turned professional after the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
He won 20 caps for the Mauritius national football team between 2004 and 2007.
The current 270 members consist of 210 legislators elected in single-member constituencies and 60 women elected by proportional representation in ten six-seat constituencies based on the country's provinces.
Characteristic images of female androgenic alopecia included hair shaft heterogeneity and increased percentage of thin (below 30 micrometers) hairs at the vertex.
Already, the University of the West Indies in conjunction with the University of Central London has begun working on a language documentation project for the language.
Since 2015 the organization has been listed on Jeffrey Beall's list of "potential, possible, or probable predatory scholarly open-access publishers".
Musically, the song features a somewhat lighter tone than other songs on the album except for the much heavier and darker bridge.
The title is not normally used for the wife of a head of government who is not also head of state.
The trio get along poorly and go through various trials and tribulations before concluding the case.
He is the older brother of water skier Bob LaPoint.
The William E. Ward House, known locally as Ward's Castle, is located on Magnolia Drive, on the state line between Rye Brook, New York and Greenwich, Connecticut, United States.
Alarm calls are often high-frequency sounds because these sounds are harder to localize.
He married his second wife, writer Vicki Covington, in 1977.
Inga approximata is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
In their oral traditions, the Ilchamus economy underwent a succession of elaborations: from foraging and fishing to a sophisticated system of irrigation, and then this was mixed with pastoralism under the influence of Samburu immigrants and neighboring Maasai.
The Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness is a 1961 United Nations multilateral treaty whereby sovereign states agree to reduce the incidence of statelessness.
The Kallang Ground is a cricket ground in Kallang, Singapore.
Best Supporting Actor and Actress were Gene Hackman (Unforgiven) and Miranda Richardson (Damage).
It was started as monthly, but later became a bi-monthly magazine.
Park also appeared in the second season of reality show We Got Married where he was paired with singer-actress Uee.
As of September 2016, the company ceased stand-alone operations.
He was with US Beau Bassin/Rose Hill team from year 2001-2002.
Barristers in England and Wales are one of the two main categories of lawyer in England and Wales, the other being solicitors.
The lyric video was designed and animated by Peter J. Arvidsson.
Trachysomus hydaspes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
A memo from Nancy Temple played a key role in the conviction of Arthur Andersen on charges of obstruction of justice.
In 1959 Detroit Public Schools (DPS) stopped accepting high school students from Carver because Carver owed DPS $125,053.67 ($1034470.97 according to inflation) in tuition and because DPS's own schools became overcrowded.
James N. Green is a Professor of Modern Latin American History and Portuguese and Brazilian Studies at Brown University.
The 2000 CD reissue adds additional takes of both standards.
With those types of the economic systems, it is easy to offer policy guidance.
Behind the stumps he took 6 catches and made 3 stumpings.
Leonie Saint (born 23 April 1986), also known with the stage names Leonie Luder or simply Leonie (legal name Simone Peschkes), is a German actress, TV-presenter and former pornographic actress.
Rajya Sabha elections were held on various dates in 1955, to elect members of the Rajya Sabha, Indian Parliament's upper chamber.
Hispanic urban is a relatively new radio format that includes Spanish-language hip hop and reggaeton.
Owen is a city in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
It comes under Mahaboobabad parliamentary constituency and Pinapaka Assembly constituency.
Although the shell of many monoplacophorans is limpet-like in shape, they are not gastropods, nor do they have any close relation to gastropods.
Malassezia is naturally found on the skin surfaces of many animals, including humans.
In 2013, the album was re-released for Record Store Day by Polydor (in Europe) and Rhino (in the US) as a limited edition of 3,500 copies (numbered on the sleeve), pressed on marbled blue vinyl and featuring none of the 2006 bonus material.
He was released by the Eskimos on May 23, 2012.
The album has sold over a million copies in the US.
Sayulita is a village about 40 km (25 miles) north of downtown Puerto Vallarta in the state of Nayarit, Mexico, with a population of approximately 5,000.
The 2015 United Kingdom general election was held on 7 May 2015 to elect 650 members to the House of Commons.
Holy Cross is an unincorporated community located in the town of Belgium in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.
La Fuerza ciega is a 1950 Argentine film.
Another more recent production filed there was Creed, the 7th Rocky film starring Sylvester Stallone and Michael B Jordan as Apollo Creed's son which filmed at Sun Center Studios throughout February and up to 3 March 2015.
It was last used for worship in 1974, and in 1985 it was de-consecrated and transferred to South Cambridgeshire District Council.
With the government's efforts since 1987, agricultural production has increased due to "abolishing state marketing boards, freeing prices, launching new agricultural credit institutions and closing down most state farms".
The office is currently held by Laura Clarke.
Marie Louise Habets (January 1905-May 1986) was a Belgian nurse and former religious sister whose life was fictionalized as Sister Luke (Gabrielle van der Mal) in The Nun's Story, a bestselling 1956 book by American author Kathryn Hulme.
Its largest city and county seat is Indianola.
During the early years of Benito Mussolini's rule, when the fascist dictatorship had not yet been consolidated and there were still outstanding diplomatic questions between the United States and Italy regarding war debts and emigration, the Italian National Fascist Party did not seek an official connection with the American fascists.
VPI can either be congenital or acquired later in life.
The reactive involuting type is uncommon and occurs in patients with various diseases including subacute bacterial endocarditis and end-stage atherosclerotic disease.
"Stevie's Blues" won Jazz Composition of the Year at the 1992 APRA Music awards.
Streptokinase is in the antithrombotic family of medications and works by turning on the fibrinolytic system.
Phase unwrapping methods are generally applied to the phase shift image to give absolute phase shift values in each pixel, as exemplified by Figure 1.
Like most districts in Texas it is independent of the city of Houston and all other municipal and county jurisdictions.
The EP peaked at number 2 on the Gaon Album Chart and at number 3 on the US World Albums chart.
He announced on 8 November 2012, that he would retire from the NRL and would not participate in the 2013 season due to medical reasons as advised by St George Illawarra Dragons medical staff.
Jumbo Jet was a member of the well-known Jet Star 3 / Jumbo Jet model line which was designed and manufactured by noted roller coaster designer Anton Schwarzkopf.
Dvinosaurus was first found near the village of Sokolki in Arkhangelsk and named after the Northern Dvina River, which was close to the locality where it was discovered.
He was previously the coach of Temple University where he led them to back-to-back 10-win seasons for the first time in school history.
A Homa ritual is known by alternate names, such as yajna in Hinduism which sometimes means larger public fire rituals, or jajnavidhana or goma in Buddhism.
The Mowgli's [sic] are an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles County, California.
Craterus was wounded by an arrow, but the defenders were driven off.
It has a traditional central-passage, double-pile plan.
From 2010-2012, Hamper served as the House chairman of the Legislature's Environment and Natural Resources Committee and a member of the Energy, Utilities and Technology Committee.
Through the We Animals Humane Education program, McArthur offers presentations about human relationships with animals in educational and other environments, and through the We Animals Archive, she provides photographs and other media for those working to help animals.
The 2013 South Sydney Rabbitohs season was the 104th in the club's history.
Sea kraits are often confused with another group of aquatic reptiles: sea snakes.
Ticketron was a computerized event ticketing technology that was in operation from the 1960s until the majority of its assets and business, with the exception of a small anti-trust carve-out for Broadway's "Telecharge" business-unit, were finally purchased by Lovecraft Investment Group in 1990.
Only one athlete took part, Gavin Lee who competed in the Men's High Jump and jumped 1.95 meters, finishing 16th.
The song has peaked to number 6 on the Swedish Singles Chart.
Botz-en-Mauges is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
The song is noted for being similar in musical structure to Take Good Care of My Baby by Bobby Vee (another 1961 hit), and additionally for its resemblance to the melody of the Chiffons' subsequent 1963 hit "One Fine Day".
The station is located in the Fairview neigbhourhood and serves the South False Creek residential and commercial areas, which includes the Olympic Village for the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Hungarians in Serbia are the second largest ethnic group in the country if not counting Kosovo.
It is the type species of the genus Corybas.
The Ensemble Madrigal enjoys a permanent relationship with the Tchaikovsky Concert Hall in Moscow.
It was released on April 19 in Japan, and screened on May 13 at the Cannes Film Festival and on April 12, 2004 at Philadelphia Film Festival.
The Paddington Rifles was a unit of the Territorial Army.
Also, BLJ is listed by a number of websites as a resource for reading and writing such as Poets & Writers, New Pages, New Hampshire Writers' Project, South Washington County Schools, and The Winged Pen.
Mo Karn or Mo Karnage is a former anarchist and activist living in Hanover,Va.
5FS was renamed No. 105 Fighter Sector on 24 October 1943, and again to No. 105 Fighter Control Unit (105FCU) on 7 March 1944.
However, in Christianity there is an ancient dispute about the impassibility of God (see Nestorianism).
Candidates are suggested anonymously "by a network of writers, literary scholars, publishers, and editors," with the foundation's literary committee making the final determination.
Salaam Baalak Trust children, who have been trained in theater, dance and puppetry, are giving performances all over the world Since 2007, SBT Delhi is running the City Walk Program, a guided tour through Paharganj and New Delhi Railway Station area.
Iqbal Zafaruddin Ahmed or Iqbal Z. Ahmed (born 3 February 1946) is a businessman and philanthropist of Pakistan.
The motto of The Chopstars is "Keeping DJ Screw alive since 2001" and "Dedicated to the memory of DJ Screw."
Bernadotte was a title granted to men who were formerly titled as princes of Sweden before losing their royal titles when they married morganatically.
Auberge Resorts Collection is a boutique luxury hospitality company based in Mill Valley, California, with high-end hotel properties in the United States and Mexico.
For example a person with schizophrenia might remark that another person has removed their thoughts from their brain.
Once the size becomes macroscopic (on the order of meters across), such an object is usually called a strange star.
In 2013, it was identified in a news article as "the most rapidly adopted metric in the world".
Bhamidipati not only translated some English farces into Telugu but also wrote original prahasanas (farces) in Telugu.
There are four types of Vitrified tiles - Soluble salt, Double charge, Full Body, Glazed.
He only began to get significant roles in the 1960s.
It cannot be used for commercial purposes under Arizona state law.
She won the Olivier Award for Best Actress, Evening Standard Award and Critics' Circle Theater Award for Best Actress in a Play, and in New York the Obie and Theater World Award for Best Newcomer, for her performance as Jacie Triplethree in Alan Ayckbourn's Comic Potential.
He participated in the International Folk Song Festival in Havana, Cuba in 1978.
It was a part of the Netcong School District.
The site has experienced a recent increase in tourism in recent years, with 83,334 visitors to the site in 2006, up from 8,183 in 2000 and 452 in 1996.
In addition to social history, Diggs has published on Baltimore African-American military records from the American Civil War and the Maryland Army National Guard.
He became a member of the then Legislative Council in 1983.
The show was hosted by Margolis and Lance Krall with DJ Skribble providing dance music for the party goers.
Streptomyces hyaluromycini is a Gram-positive bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from the tunicate Molgula manhattensis from the Tokyo Bay on Japan.
Jeremy Loyd is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for the St. Louis Rams.
The Beatles Story is a museum in Liverpool about the Beatles and their history.
The falls are surrounded by a forest of rhododendron.
For example, he led the design study Project Boreas, which planned and designed a research station for the Martian polar ice caps.
Arienne Dwyer is a professor of Linguistic Anthropology in the Department of Anthropology at the University of Kansas, where she has been affiliated since 2001.
This list details the performances of Italian filmmakers, actors, actress and films that have either been submitted, nominated or have won an Academy Award.
Cesare Pallavicino was an Italian aeronautical engineer, heading the design department at Caproni from 1935 to 1941.
Bachchan is a 2013 Indian Kannada-language action-psychological thriller film directed by Shashank and starring Sudeep, Bhavana, Parul Yadav and Tulip Joshi.
Klara's ability is to control or "talk to" (as she puts it) plants.
It has a population of 1,642 (2001 census), 99% which are Croats.
Sindacati Unici Classisti failed to become a prominent force in the labor movement in the Free Territory.
Hunt had left Astoria on August 4, 1812 on a trading mission to Russia, where his ship Beaver was damaged by a storm in the Bering Sea.
Cory Robert Paus (born April 4, 1980) is a former Canadian football quarterback in the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Cuthbert (died 26 October 760) was a medieval Anglo-Saxon Archbishop of Canterbury in England.
Lalas' playing style was characterized by physical ability and endurance.
Sinoy Hill is an island in the Mumbai harbor.
It was originally known as Shikharghar.
The song went to #1 in Canada and South Africa, and #4 in Australia.
The Crusaders assumed for a while that the village, which they called Fontenoid and the Arabs called until the 19th century Qaryet al-'Inab, was standing at the site of Emmaus from the Gospel of Luke.
He wore uniform number 123.
Students have a variety of goals.
Maynard F. Jordan Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by University of Maine.
Also excluded are trips to Camp David, the country residence of the President.
Also on the property is the contributing old slave quarters.
Each SS member was encouraged to read it.
Artists Against 419 (commonly abbreviated to AA419) is an Internet community dedicated to identifying and shutting down 419 scam websites.
Segments of HypaSpace aired interstitially between Space programs.
It was based on Bester's short story "The Four-Hour Fugue".
Many parts of the system are also part of the Capital Ring route.
Wiens was educated in Herschel, in Rosthern and at the University of Saskatchewan.
Stripburger (established in 1992 by the Strip Core collective) started as an international art fanzine, thus becoming a pioneer of independent comics in Slovenia.
He made his AFL debut in Round 5 of the 2016 AFL season, against Carlton at Domain Stadium, after playing well for Fremantle's reserves team, Peel Thunder, in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).
Dangsan-dong is a dong, neighborhood of Yeongdeungpo-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
In March 2008, the song was re-released with different lyrics on their album Raise the Dead and also as a single.
The MIP goal is to support all levels from corps to battalion.
Cook Scott (born May 31, 1953) is an American politician who has served in the Michigan House of Representatives from the 2nd district since 2017.
Leptorhynchos melanocarpus Paul G.Wilson Leptorhynchos nitidulus DC.
The holiday was first instituted in Berkeley, California in 1992, coinciding with the 500th anniversary of the arrival of Christopher Columbus in the Americas in 1492.
He also wrote about the works of Paul Tillich and Dostoevsky.
Tietjens (20 March 1894, Saint Petersburg - 22 May 1944) was a psychiatrist in Berlin in the 1920s and 1930s.
By using the dice tower built in the park, visitors are able to enjoy the games outdoors.
A part of the far-right, the group was founded by Jim Dowson, an anti-abortion and far-right campaigner.
He is a product of the Leyton Orient youth system and represented England at U20 level.
The original hotel was closed in the 1960s.
Barnes has also appeared in a number of programs on BBC Radio 2, including a reading of his book, How to Be a Bad Birdwatcher.
Higgs held her first solo exhibition in the Domestic Science hall of Stellenbosch University in 1935, meeting the painter Wolf Kibel and the sculptor Lippy Lipshitz.
Jonathan Ladd serves as group CEO of the company, Greg Davidson is CEO of Datacom Systems ANZ.
He currently plays for Glenelg Football Club in the South Australian National Football League.
In 2017 a utility in Southern California has successfully demonstrated the use of a battery energy storage system to provide a black start, firing up a combined cycle gas turbine from an idle state.
It is based on a proposal for ALGOL X by Niklaus Wirth and Tony Hoare as a successor to ALGOL 60 in IFIP Working Group 2.1.
They pass this information, together with other helpful information on such things as bridges, blocked roads, and areas of potential danger, back to higher command so the advance can take place as safely as possible.
Hoerr was the 1992 IMSA GTO champion.
The council has headquarters near Leesport, PA.
Thief of Fate is a computer fantasy role-playing video game created by Interplay Productions in 1988.
Mark was a founder member of the Metro Theater Company, a new writing company based in Sheffield in the 1980s.
The player defeats monsters using Isaac's tears as projectiles and collects items that improve Isaac's attributes and abilities.
While with St Mary's in the 2005/06 NTFL season, Culpitt won the Nichols Medal as the league best and fairest.
The song's accompanying music video was directed by Sanaa Hamri.
The song was released as a digital download on 7 June 2015 through Ministry of Sound as the sixth single from Fresh's forthcoming fourth studio album.
Eric Russell, previous principal, is now the superintendent of the school district.
Nine people were killed, of whom three were Indonesian, three were Australians, two were from The Netherlands, and one was from New Zealand.
The song reached number ten on the first edition of the UK Official Download Chart, announced on 1 September 2004.
Nagabhairava Jaya Prakash Narayana (born 14 January 1956), is an Indian former politician.
The station was inaugurated on 19 August 1985 as the 98th station.
It is found in Angola, Burkina Fasso, Burundi, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of Congo (Orientale, Kinshasa, East Kasai), Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Togo and Uganda.
It may be a normal reaction to occurring life events or circumstances, a symptom of a medical condition, a side effect of drugs or medical treatments, or a symptom of certain psychiatric syndromes, such as the mood disorders major depressive disorder and dysthymia.
The Bohemian Girl is a short story by Willa Cather.
The current moderator of the show is Pastor Jerry Lutz.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on May 14, 2014.
Danson name is first found in Lancashire, North West England.
Given the relative complexity of their secondary structure, and their hypothesized cis-regulatory role, they might be riboswitches.
Oysters are two small, round pieces of dark meat on the back of poultry near the thigh, in the hollow on the dorsal side of the ilium bone.
The unincorporated community of Cherry is located within Cherry Township (population 860).
Leibel's co-discovery at Rockefeller University of the hormone leptin, and cloning of the leptin and leptin receptor genes, has had a major role in the area of understanding human obesity.
Brian Maes (born August 8, 1956 in Lynn, Massachusetts) is an American musician.
Bernard A. Jackvony (born April 9, 1945) is a former lieutenant governor of Rhode Island and a lawyer who specializes in fiduciary litigation.
The club is based at Delaney Park in Stokes Valley itself, and its playing colors are red and yellow hooped jerseys and socks with black shorts.
As of 2017, the wholesale cost of tablets is about US$0.74 per day in the US.
The World Group was the highest level of Davis Cup competition in 2004.
The main other type of calendar is a lunar calendar, whose months correspond to cycles of moon phases.
He was elected as a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives to the 103rd and 104th General Assembly for the 4th District, which at the time encompassed the entirety of Carter County.
Dakke bali, along with Bhuta Kola is one of the ritual dance forms practiced in Tulunadu.
Katharine Pooley is an award winning British interior designer based in Chelsea, London.
Anne Louise Dudek (born March 22, 1975) is an American actress.
Jumbo is an unincorporated community located in Lincoln County, Kentucky, United States.
Fantastica Mania, sometimes spelled as Fantasticamania, is the collective name of a series of annual professional wrestling major show co-promoted by Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and Japanese New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).
As of 31 December 2016 the village of Bryastovo has 253 inhabitants.
International Bloggers' Day for Burma, a campaign for bloggers to not post to their blogs, was held on October 4.
In 2015 the song was voted by the British public as the nation's 7th favorite 1980s number one in a poll for ITV.
Due to its origins, it bears striking similarities with Chinese tea eggs.
28 people were killed in the accident.
Christ Church is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in the Summerfield district of Birmingham.
West Loch Tarbert, Argyll is a long and narrow sea loch on the western side of the Kintyre peninsula in Scotland.
The club competes in the North Coast Football League.
Holgate beers are available in bottles and on tap throughout the Melbourne area.
Celaenorrhinus galenus, the common orange sprite, is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family.
In recent years, Schoolnik has worked as associate producer on AMC's The Walking Dead, associate producer on the BBC/Starz show Torchwood, post production producer on TNT's Legends and post production producer on Fox's K-Ville.
The song reached #168 on the UK charts.
It is also the second stop out of Cape Town for Shosholoza Meyl inter-city trains originating or terminating there.
Kottarakara railway station (Code: KKZ) is a railway station in the Indian town of Kottarakkara in Kollam district, Kerala.
Sandrini (born February 20, 1961 in Bozen, Italy) is an Italian-born translation theorist and terminologist.
Yet, the Jewish community of Baltimore has maintained its own distinctive character as well.
The estimated renovation costs are $7 million.
The album was recorded on 14 October 2005 at The Arches in Glasgow.
He was the Gambian Chief of Mission in Havana, Cuba, from 2012 to 2017, and was previously Chief of the Defense Staff from 2009 to 2012.
NRHP-listed Red Cloud Bridge, NE 281 over the Republican R., 2 mi.
Of the two directional varieties of chemotaxis, chemoattraction has been studied to a much greater extent.
As a result of the split, LASA and LBJ are required to have separate principals.
The Scarborough Academy of Technological, Environmental and Computer Education at William Arnot Porter Collegiate Institute (SATEC, SATEC @ W. A. Porter C.I., WAPCI, W. A. Porter or Porter) is a secondary school located in Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Empire of Bones is a 2013 fantasy novel written by N.D. Wilson.
The school helps out with a variety of charities throughout the year with Thursday mission collections dedicated to a different cause each week.
Copyright Act of 1976 is a United States copyright law and remains the primary basis of copyright law in the United States, as amended by several later enacted copyright provisions.
By the standard of the day, Second Class accommodation was moderate, but spacious and comfortable.
Phillip Criszam Jabar Paniamogan, popularly known as Philip Paniamogan, is a Filipino professional basketball player for the NLEX Road Warriors of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
It is based on a proton/deuteron RF superconducting linear accelerator, with variable energy (5-40 MeV) and a continuous wave (CW) high ion current (0.04-5 mA), and located at the Soreq Nuclear Research Center.
Herbert also competed in three Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of fourth in the K-1 500 m event at Seoul in 1988.
On July 13, 2011 the show was renewed for a third season.
15 species inhabit the Oriental and Australian-Pacific regions, and only six species are described from the Palearctic region.
This house was sold out of the Searles family by his heirs after his death in 1920.
He was followed by Charles "Cully" Stimson, who resigned in February 2007 following controversial comments about lawyers representing detainees.
On 17 February 2008 Kosovo's Parliament declared independence, as the Republic of Kosovo, with partial recognition of that declaration.
This format would prove to be the Super Emmy's undoing.
He fell to 2-7, 6.68 his senior year.
Best fit finds the smallest space which fits the required amount available, avoiding loss of performance, both by fragmentation and consolidation of memory.
It is located on U.S. Route 209 in Chestnuthill Township and Polk Township.
The index may be based on the rate of inflation.
The high school as a strong education program that is constantly focused on the students.
He is a founder and member of the boards of several mobile communications, broadband and software companies, former advisor to the Prime Minister of Estonia on ICT, innovation, R&D and civic society issues.
The arrondissement of Laon is an arrondissement of France in the Aisne department in the Hauts-de-France region.
The epidemiology background of erythrasma remains partially unsolved.
Modern freeze etch electron microscopy (EM) clearly shows a mesh connecting Golgi cisternae and associated vesicles.
Terry Kyan is a British television writer best known for writing (almost always in collaboration with Paul Smith) comedy scripts.
Scientists observing from Pikes Peak in Colorado contended with altitude sickness and snowstorms, among other problems.
In 1986 she received her doctorate in medicine.
Acklin also won three medals at the FIBT World Championships with one gold (Four-man: 1993) and two silvers (Two-man: 1993, Four-man: 1989).
After the death of Nero, when the chaos of the Year of the Four Emperors had settled, Africanus was prosecuted for his role in the deaths of the brothers Sulpicii Scribonii; unable to either confess or deny the fact, he instead implicated Quintus Vibius Crispus as also involved in the matter.
He played much of the 2015 season with Carlton's VFL-affiliate, the Northern Blues, before making his senior AFL debut in round 15, 2015.
2-4-2T no 1066 was allocated there.
John Anthony Requejo, Jr. (born May 23, 1996) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for LA Galaxy II in the United Soccer League.
Thanks to the town's favorable natural environment - geological composition, contours, climate, hydrographic and vegetation - Stolac and its area have been settled since ancient times.
Most of the grounds are a Site of Special Scientific Interest, Felbrigg Woods.
AICPA Statements of Position (SOPs), available full-text at the links below from the University of Mississippi's Library Digital Collections with the permission of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA), have been issued by the AICPA's Accounting Standards Division since 1974 and are meant to influence the development of accounting standards and to propose revisions to the AICPA's Audit and Accounting Guide (AAGs) series.
When the county courthouse, hall of records, and other civic structures were built along or near the road, it became more of a civic roadway and remains so today with the federal court, hall of records and city hall all adjoining the street.
Computational astrophysics is most often studied through an applied mathematics or astrophysics program at PhD level.
The first book provides an account of the reign of Genseric, from the Vandal invasion of Africa in 429 until the king's death in 477; whilst, the second and third record events of Huneric's reign (477-484) - of which Victor was an eyewitness.
The RTP combines research, plans and programs by various organizations into one comprehensive plan which is updated every four years.
The team has since dropped three more divisions.
The St Lawrence Academy (formerly High Ridge School) is a coeducational Church of England secondary school with academy status, located in Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, England.
Binaur is a town in Kanpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
The yellow stripe takes up the top half of the flag and the blue and red take up a quarter of the space each.
After the 1989 Romanian revolution, these stores became obsolete and were sold off in 1991 to private business owners; as a result of this sale by auction, the Comturist name is still in existence today in a more limited capacity as a chain of duty-free stores.
Six twenty-five-minute episodes were made.
Parabatinga is a genus of spiders in the Ctenidae family.
Mount Trenchard was sold again in 1996 and became a center for holistic medicine.
Also, Ghost Stories episodes are currently being shown in the United Kingdom on the TV channel Zone Horror.
On 26 February 2017 against Australia she became the first player in WODI and second overall after Kumar Sangakkara in ODI to score four consecutive hundreds.
Gnarkill is the self-titled studio album by American comedy rock band Gnarkill.
Partners in this venture include former NAB Chairman Eddie Fritz, and former founder of NextMedia, Carl Hirsch.
The book was made possible by funding from the Creative Nonfiction Foundation.
Formed in the mid-nineties, Color Haze is one of the oldest German stoner outfits, and have since then become one of the flagships of the German stoner rock scene.
In the playoffs, champion Rockford played third place Grand Rapids and second place Fort Wayne took Racine.
An auto transport broker is a type of cargo broker that specializes in the shipping and transportation of vehicles.
Valley Road Ground is an association football ground in Devonport, Tasmania.
In 2015, Hampden Bank was acquired by Pittsfield-based Berkshire Bank.
It opens to all registered short track speed skaters in China, and those national team skaters who compete in international competitions (for example: ISU Short Track Speed Skating World Cup, World Short Track Speed Skating Championships and Winter Olympic Games) may also participate if time does not conflict.
Sabine Wagner is a paralympic athlete from Germany competing mainly in category T46 sprint events.
The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 24 November 2007 (M.P.C. 61270).
He was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2000.
Stanton is from Coventry and was formerly a firefighter with the West Midlands Fire Service for 25 years prior to his retirement.
Kaptigaun is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal.
It also features classic covers, such as "Always on My Mind" and "Ave Maria".
Latina is one of the districts of Madrid.
Besides the College of Medicine, there are now 12 other faculties: Arts, Science, Agriculture Renewable natural resources , Social Sciences, Education, Veterinary Medicine, Pharmacy, Technology, Law, Public Health, and Dentistry and economics, environmental design and management (proposed).
Karan Singh Dalal is a member of the Haryana Legislative Assembly from the Indian National Congress representing the Palwal Vidhan sabha Constituency in Haryana.
Some of the SDL connectors are still manufactured but are no longer common on consumer electronic devices.
Lycopodium hickeyi, Hickey's tree club-moss or Pennsylvania clubmoss, is North American a species of clubmoss in the family Lycopodiaceae.
The album rose to number 47 on Billboard's Top LPs American albums chart.
The received nominations were declared public after 12 noon Friday 2 November 2007.
The Line of purples, a theoretical boundary of chromaticity, is distinct from "purples", a more general denomination of colors, which also refers to less than fully saturated colors (see variations of purple and variations of pink for examples) that form the interior of a triangle between white and the Line of purples in the CIE chromaticity diagram.
The film stars George O'Brien, Claire Trevor, El Brendel, Matt McHugh, J. Carrol Naish, and George Reed.
The executive director of the PCI-SIG is Reen Presnell, president of VTM Group.
The women's 200 meter freestyle event at the 2005 Maccabiah Games took place on 11 July at the Wingate Institute.
Clay Hill, also spelled Clayhill, is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama, United States.
Aside from the multiple television series, several films have been released in the Digimon franchise.
The action was a sanguinary one.
Kidney diseases are normally investigated and treated by nephrologists, while the specialty of urology deals with problems in the other organs.
He made his feature length debut in 2004, with Brownies.
It is not certain the exact number of species of tree ferns there are, but it may be closer to 600-700 species.
This station also broadcasts the Lowell Senior High School Red Devils football games as an affiliate of the Regional Radio Sports Network.
Anti-miRNA Oligonucleotides (also known as AMOs) have many uses in cellular mechanics.
His position was usually at center but also played on the wing.
He currently serves as the post production producer for WGN's Salem.
Commiphora schimperi, also known as glossy-leaved corkwood, is a tree species in the genus Commiphora, which is native to Namibia, Zimbabwe and northern South Africa.
Limestone outcroppings of the Niagara Escarpment are visible on both shores of the peninsula, but are larger and more prominent on the Green Bay side as seen at the Bayshore Blufflands.
He was the grooming expert on the American television program Queer Eye.
Crambus alexandrus is a moth in the family Crambidae.
The site offers two levels of membership for registered users.
Christian writers, in their turn, connected Murcia with the adjective murcus or murcidus "lazy, inactive", thus interpreting her as a "goddess of sloth and laziness".
Arizona, a state in the southwestern region of the United States of America, is known for its high population of Native Americans.
Embraced by Generation X as an anti-fashion, it contrasts from the flashy excessiveness of the 1980s.
Merchandise produced during the show's run included books, a Halloween costume, clothing, toys, and other items.
The production starred Jessica Hynes, Rupert Penry-Jones, Charlotte Riley, Alastair Mackenzie, Joseph Millson and Rachael Stirling.
It will be the second election of the Governor of Sevastopol after the 2014 Russian annexation of Crimea, and it will be the first direct elections for Governor (last time the Governor was elected to the Legislative Assembly).
This film deals with the socio-political issues of corruption, primarily in the form of bribery in government offices in the Indian society of nineteen eighties.
The single release, "Berawal Dari Tatap", bringing her was on the top charts in major cities in Indonesia.
Sex tourism has existed in the country, both before and after the 1959 Cuban Revolution.
International events may cater for non-Western attendees with a compound dress code such as "business suit or national dress".
Sommer played three seasons as a back at George Washington.
In winemaking, clarification and stabilization are the processes by which insoluble matter suspended in the wine is removed before bottling.
Victoria Falls Primary School is a member of the Association of Trust Schools (ATS) and the Headmaster is a member of the Conference of Heads of Independent Schools in Zimbabwe (CHISZ).
Dean Brody is the self-titled debut album of Canadian country music singer, Dean Brody.
It is located in Fushun, Liaoning province, northeastern China.
The KTM British Junior Cup Championship is a support category for the British Superbike Championship.
The Ocean Fracture, and was produced by Ben Phillips at City Of Dis studios in Gillingham, Kent.
Ucha Gogoladze (born 2 May 1990) is a Georgian professional football player currently playing for Algeti Marneuli.
Meetings were scheduled to allow secretaries to carry out Council work during the first half of each week with the remainder of the week spent at the State Department.
She won the Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award for her novel Aalahayude Penmakkal (Daughters of God the Father).
Rendered obsolete with the emergence of the new dreadnoughts from late 1906 onwards, she underwent an extensive refit in 1909, after which she served with the Atlantic Fleet.
Brittain plays mainly as a full back but can also play as a midfielder.
Conus fusellinus is a fossil species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
They are largely responsible for the great reduction in the rice growing in East Asia, India and Indonesia.
Reis Township was organized in 1880, and named for George Reis, a pioneer settler.
Priest has also worked as a session player, playing with the likes of The Lightning Seeds, The Electric Soft Parade, The Yellow Moon Band and Ian McNabb in The Icicle Works.
It was awarded in a different Capital of Culture each year.
It is endemic to the Kwilu River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter (GRAW) is a tactical shooter video game released for Xbox 360, Xbox, PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows.
Lucy joined him a few years later and the two set out to make their mark on their home town.
Fort Sully was an earthwork artillery battery built on the plateau of Hancock Hill, the highest hill west of Fort Leavenworth, in September and October 1864.
It is named for Prof. Horst Claus Recktenwald, a German economist, and was endowed by his wife, Hertha Recktenwald, after his death.
Villalba del Rey is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.
After a successful defense at Verona, Totila pursued and defeated a numerically superior army at the Battle of Faventia in 542 AD.
The album's bonus track was recorded live in Aylesbury on 8 July 1972.
Dead Wood was shown at film festivals across Italy, the UK and the United States, before being released on DVD throughout Europe and North America in 2009.
He is author of Organizing for Science (OUP, Delhi, 1985), A Carnival for Science (OUP, Delhi, 1997) and has co-edited Foulplay: Chronicles of Corruption (Banyan Books, Delhi, 1999).
The 1994 Australian Super Production Car Series was an Australian motor racing competition for production cars.
UP Makalu is a German single-place paraglider that was designed and produced by UP Europe of Kochel am See.
Arizona has the third highest number (and the sixth highest percentage) of Native Americans of any state in the Union (See Demographics of Arizona).
This is a list of episodes from All Dogs Go to Heaven: The Series.
The play was composed for Padua's literary academy, the Accademia degli Infiammati, and was printed at Firenze on 1546.
It was released on the Wii Virtual Console on December 29, 2008, in North America and on July 10, 2009, in the PAL regions.
Like Teen Spirit (also known as Sounds Like Teen Spirit: A Popumentary) is a 2008 documentary and debut feature film of Bafta-Award nominated director Jamie Jay Johnson.
Statesman was an automotive marque created in 1971 by Holden and sold in Australasia.
The concept had been previously researched by many authors.
It is a volcanically active area, renowned for its geothermal productivity.
In general the greater the volume of data, the more chances arise for erroneous results.
According to producer Jas Obrecht: The announcement of the release of the CD was made at Buckethead.tk, a semi-official fan forum.
Hauriet is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Aleksandr Nikolaevich Promptov (also spelled as Promptoff) (27 June 1898, Sevastopol - 11 November 1948, Koltushi ) was a Russian and Soviet geneticist and ornithologist who studied bird calls, made recordings and suggested the role of vocalization and behavior in isolation and speciation.
The Cat and the Cobra was the second album by Les Savy Fav.
The company aimed to demystify theater by presenting contemporary classics in informal spaces, mainly pubs.
Ausa is a town with a municipal council and taluka in Latur District in the state of Maharashtra, India.
The company received the Free Speech Coalition Award of Excellence at the 2010 Cybersocket Awards, and was named Gay Site of the Year at the 2011 Xbiz Awards.
Hart's Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Lawshall in the Babergh district in the county of Suffolk, England.
Spool was a free social bookmarking program and social network that was launched in October 2011 at TechCrunch Disrupt.
It is owned by the Alamo Navajo branch of the Navajo Nation.
Naresh Gehlot (born 24 December 1982) is an Indian first-class cricketer who represented Rajasthan.
Karl Derrick "Tuffy" Rhodes (born August 21, 1968) is a retired American professional baseball player.
Flushing Avenue is a local station on the BMT Jamaica Line of the New York City Subway.
It currently consists of lead singer and guitarist Baldi, drummer Jayson Gerycz, bassist TJ Duke, and guitarist Chris Brown.
The station was also the terminus of the Cornhill branch line to Coldstream which closed for passengers in 1930.
Cornelius is an unincorporated community in Jackson Township, Brown County, Indiana.
He is best known for his debut single, "Chill Bill" from his mixtape Straight Bummin.
The genes for the construction of ion channels are highly conserved amongst mammals and one condition, hyperkalemic periodic paralysis, was first identified in the descendants of Impressive, a registered Quarter Horse (see AQHA website).
In Between is a 1987 Australian mini series about four adolescents from Turkish, Cambodian, Macedonian and Ango-Australian backgrounds.
Transwestern is a privately held real estate firm providing Agency Leasing, Tenant Advisory, Capital Markets, Asset Services and Research to owners of commercial real estate.
Brad Adam (born 1970) is an anchor and host for Root Sports Northwest, and serves as a co-anchor of Mariners Live.
With earth as a basic material input in construction she has designed and built many structures.
A VHS single was released September 20, 2000.
It took place on the weekend of 30 September-2 October 2004 at the Losail International Circuit.
In 2012 and 2013 the race was sponsored by JLT Specialty Ltd, and in 2014 Baylis & Harding were the sponsors.
A story regarding Bethke can be found in the May 21, 1993 issue of the Chicago Tribune at page 3.
Retallack was built to support the mining operation located there.
Finch Foundry is a 19th-century water-powered forge situated in the village of Sticklepath near Okehampton, Devon, England.
This exercise, like the Ulchi-Freedom Guardian (UFG) exercise, regularly leads to accusations by North Korea that it is a prelude to an invasion by the United States and South Korea.
First Edition is a 1977 American short documentary film directed by Helen Whitney.
The album was recorded with Rob and Ryan Pope, as well as longtime friend and producer Ed Rose after the release of the third Get Up Kids album On a Wire, and because the band was promoting that album at the time, The New Amsterdams did not tour extensively to promote the album, although they did make an appearance on the Late Show with David Letterman.
USS LST-666 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy in World War II.
Carolyn Byham is an American philanthropist and community activist residing in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It was built in 1939 with funding from the Works Progress Administration.
A portlet container is not responsible for aggregating the content produced by the portlets; the portal itself handles aggregation.
This plant grows low to the ground from a flat basal rosette of distinctive lobed green leaves outlined in eye-catching hard white borders.
It also formed part of a route by rail and sea from England and Scotland to the north of Ireland.
In 2016 the Columbus metropolitan area's GDP was $130.8 billion, ranking it 29th largest in the U.S. and second largest in Ohio, ahead of Cleveland and just behind Cincinnati.
Oxford City Council provides local government for the city of Oxford in England.
John de Bridport was the Archdeacon of Totnes during 1207.
It was the 999th locomotive of the whole British Railways Standard range.
He received his Juris Doctor at New York University Law School, where he was the recipient of the full tuition Root-Tilden Scholarship, awarded to law students with a demonstrated desire to serve the public interest.
The carrier initially served domestic routes within the United Arab Emirates, but has added various key cities in the Middle East to its list of destinations.
The West Virginia Alcohol Beverage Control Administration (or ABCA) is the alcoholic beverage control state authority in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
It is involved primarily in crop dusting, aerial seeding, and fleet maintenance in addition to its chartered passenger operations.
Michael Noonan emerged as the victor and new leader of Fine Gael.
The South Pacific Underwater Medicine Society (SPUMS) is a primary source of information for diving and hyperbaric medicine physiology worldwide.
The trust was founded by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Vasundhara Raje, at the time the Chief Minister of Rajasthan.
Fullam is currently playing for Lissadel United in the Leinster Senior League.
The R710 forms the Outer Ring Road around the south of the city.
Usually gold medals are the first, silver medals as second and bronze medals as the third criterion for the rank list.
Slayback is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
William Savage Pitts was born at Lums Corners within the town of Yates in Orleans County, New York on August 18, 1830 to Charles Pitts and Polly Green Smith Pitts who were descended from New England Puritans of English and Scottish ancestry.
He achieved his first World Cup points with a tenth place in Hakuba on 24 January 2002.
And then a voice came in "WJZ - WJZ - WJZ." ...
Schreyer has a total of 10 professional wins on the Hooters Tour and is currently second place all-time in Hooters Tour wins.
The mausoleum and shrine at the Qutb Shahi Tombs called Dargah Hussain Shah Wali was built by Abdullah Qutb Shah in his honor.
He participated at five editions of the Summer Olympics (from 1988 to 2004), this like only two others Italian athletes in track and field: the other racewalker champion Abdon Pamich and the sprinter Pietro Mennea.
The fort of Bahu present in Jammu on the side of Tawi river was attributed to him.
UER was founded by RC on 28 November 2000.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 39,653 people.
He won the prestigious London-based Kathleen Ferrier Award (previously won by Malvina Major in 1966) that same year.
Mortimer Wheeler unearthed a Roman sleep temple at Lydney Park, Gloucestershire, in 1928, with the assistance of a young J.R.R. Tolkien.
Girls Aloud performed thirty-two dates across the United Kingdom and Ireland.
The program launched on October 26, 2009 as a replacement for the long-running CBC News: Politics, which had ended its run the preceding May with the retirement of host Don Newman.
A clip of Louis that was posted to the Philadelphia Zoo's Facebook page went viral and he gained international fame.
The Court held that a domestic relationship is not necessarily a defining element of the predicate offense to support a conviction for possession of a firearm by a person previously convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence.
Kangaroo Island residents have expressed displeasure with the exclusive arrangement granted to SeaLink.
Vringo appealed to the United States Supreme Court.
Manmunai Pattu Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Batticaloa District, of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Addanki North is the mandal headquarters of Addanki mandal in Ongole revenue division.
T. Samuel is a Barbados-born Methodist minister and theologian.
A song, "Woods, Rocks and Mountains", set to music by Robert Johnson, has also been linked to it.
In 1941, he became a soldier of the Polish Armed Forces.
In addition to the Charleston Battery of the United Soccer League (USL), three Major League Soccer (MLS) clubs participated: expansion franchise Atlanta United FC, Columbus Crew SC and defending MLS Cup champions Seattle Sounders FC.
She was sunk by a British aircraft in December 1944.
The denomination 493 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Beset by illness, bad weather, and logistical problems, they established mortar batteries that were able to penetrate into the interior the fort, but the defenders, who were well-supplied with munitions, but not food and other supplies, persisted in their defense, believing the siege would be broken by forces from Montreal under General Guy Carleton.
The American Music Award for Collaboration of the Year has been awarded since 2015.
It connects Baseline Road and Heron Road passing over both the Rideau River and the Rideau Canal just south of Carleton University.
It is a cooperative game set in the fantasy world of JRR Tolkien's books.
The title track of the EP is inspired by and criticizes the treatment of asylum seekers and refugees by Tony Abbott's government in Australia.
The penalty for a block below the waist is 15 yards in the NFL, NCAA, and in high school.
His credits have included the television series MVP, Virginie and Lance et Compte, and the films Mambo Italiano and Rouge sang.
Jerry Hammersmith was born in Melfort, Saskatchewan, the son of Alvin (Allie) and Molly Hammersmith of Gronlid, Sask.
Football at the Lusophony Games was first held in the first edition in Macau, in 2006.
The first soldier buried at the cemetery was Sapper F Jarvis of 28 Company the Royal Engineers, who died on 5 May 1908.
Grotella is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Jordon Brown (born 28 November 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cove Rangers.
The combination of the one-man-band overdubbing, electronic instruments, and improvisation made for a unique and influential recording, a defining psychedelic work of the 1960s, enhanced by its cover art and the peace poem that constitutes the liner notes.
TagPay's target markets are in emerging economies where populations are un-banked and secure payment systems are needed.
He lectured at Leeds College of Art from 1967-1970.
Adsit House was a historic house located at 34 Main Street in Hornell, Steuben County, New York.
The group consists of Mad Caddies frontman Chuck Robertson, Caddies members Graham Palmer and Todd Rosenberg, and touring Caddies member and former Cherry Poppin' Daddies keyboardist Dustin Lanker.
Anthony John Medeski (born June 28, 1965) is an American jazz keyboards player and composer.
Nutt also worked at the newly created Millennium Challenge Corporation, where he initiated management operations, including financial and management information systems.
This is a list of major World War II surface warships built by the belligerent minor powers.
Therefore, the school offers a wide variety of ESL programs in many different subject areas.
On 1 June 1573 General Foscarini made him captain of the Slavs in the province of Istria "for the service paid by him and by his four brothers on land and sea throughout this war, in which two of them died in service, and for his expenses and hardships suffered in the service of the most serene dominions."
In 2011, WinRumors was nominated as "Best new blog of the year" by ComputerWeekly.
Adam Benjamin is an American jazz keyboardist and composer.
At its core was an email and database service, accessible locally via dial-up and via the international X.25-network globally.
It is part of the Cooyar Creek catchment, a tributary of the Brisbane River.
Nanna is an outgrowth of Kanchrapara in Barrackpore I CD Block in Barrackpore subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Neoophora is a group of rhabditophoran flatworms with ectolecithal eggs, i.e., yolk is not present in the egg as in most animals, but rather is secreted by accessory glands called vitellaria or yolk glands.
The Renshaw Baronetcy, of Coldharbour in Wivelsfield in the County of Sussex, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
130,000 copies were ordered in advance.
An offensive lineman and a graduate of Tulane University, Silipo played two games with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League in 1981.
Ophioglossum pusillum is a species of fern in the family Ophioglossaceae known by the common name northern adder's tongue.
The ancient diocese covered not only Lincolnshire, but also Leicestershire, Northamptonshire, Rutland, Oxfordshire, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Huntingdonshire and parts of Hertfordshire, and the society's publications may touch on the history of all these areas.
Back To The Future is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Guru.
Lemmon Unorganized Territory was combined with Whetstone Township in 2006 to create West Adams Unorganized Territory.
He is the older brother of R&B singer Steph Jones.
Melissa Meyer (born May 4, 1946) is an American painter living in New York, NY.
High rates of maternal mortality still exist in places, particularly in impoverished communities with over 85% living in Africa and Southern Asia.
King Rataxes also has a son, Victor (who is, in fact, close friends with Babar's children), and is attended by a servant, Basil, who is also his adviser (and is often seen as being wiser and much more competent than Rataxes, and thus often is one that gets things done in the kingdom).
Philomma was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Derrima.
Although Moon briefly lost the lead, he eventually regained it after eliminating veteran players like Steve Begleiter and Phil Ivey.
One of these accounts was The English Governess in Egypt: Harem Life in Egypt and Constantinople (1867).
Previously Chauhan had been a member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly from the Almora constituency in Almora district at the time when Almora was part of Uttar Pradesh.
Cosetta Campana (born 12 June 1961 in Bassano del Grappa) is a former Italian sprinter (400 m).
These shorts are not in anamorphic widescreen, like the American Spotlight collections; instead, they are in a 4:3 windowbox format.
Andrew Warren Katzenmoyer (born December 2, 1977) is a former football player who was a linebacker.
In February 2014, NBC announced the National Heads-Up Poker Championship would not return in 2014.
The Verna Fields Award is the Golden Reel Award which is annually presented by Motion Picture Sound Editors to a filmmaking student in order to recognize the excellence of their sound editing work.
SCRIPT/VS is the main component of IBM's Document Composition Facility (DCF).
Further, it received the first Saga Award for Wit in 2003; Saga is a UK firm whose audience is people over 50 years old.
The French quarterly culture and fashion magazine Standard is published in Paris since 2004.
Salem Hospital is a non-profit, regional medical center located in Salem, Oregon, United States.
Grahame John Bond AM (born 21 November 1943) is an Australian actor, writer, director, musician and composer, known primarily for his role as Aunty Jack.
Some instances are examples of widespread internet censorship in general that includes Wikipedia content.
Diarists can freely write about their thoughts and have no need to answer some previously imposed questions for the research.
He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Cleveland State University in 1980 and a Juris Doctor degree from Cleveland State University's Cleveland-Marshall College of Law in 1983.
Carl Albert Youngdale (June 23, 1912 - March 8, 1993) was a highly decorated officer of the United States Marine Corps with the rank of Major General.
The Seminary derives its name from the founder of the denomination, John Winebrenner, who established the group in 1825 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
The first number is the total number of distinct maritime boundaries that the country or territory shares with other countries and territories.
It is much superior to the rolling hitch for that purpose.
The DigiCipher 2 encryption standard was reverse engineered in 2016.
It is thought that Dirk III went on pilgrimage to the Holy Land around 1030, hence his nickname of Hierosolymita ('the Jerusalemite' in Latin).
Created by Steven Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher, it contained many of Bochco's trademark features including an ensemble cast, large number of parallel storylines, social drama, and off-the-wall humor.
McCandless Crossing is an open-air lifestyle center in McCandless, Pennsylvania, about 10 miles north of Pittsburgh.
As of November 2013, Gaines lives on Louisiana Highway 1 in Oscar, Louisiana, where he and his wife built a home on part of the old plantation where he grew up.
The Animal in You is a 1995 non-fiction book by Roy Feinson, which posits a biological basis as to why people tend to exhibit personality traits similar to animal species.
The list of shipwrecks in November 1862 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during November 1862.
They were based in Satpayev, Karagandy Province.
New Protestant branches like Adventism emerged; Restorationists and other Christians like the Jehovah's Witnesses, the Latter Day Saint movement, Churches of Christ and Church of Christ, Scientist, as well as Unitarian and Universalist communities all spread in the 19th century.
Yvonne Pearce Mazzulo (born November 6, 1977) is an American journalist, activist, and author.
Like some other forms of gram-negative sepsis, septicemic plague can cause disseminated intravascular coagulation, and is almost always fatal when untreated.
He is the director and editor-in-chief of Chax Press, one of the only independent presses which specializes in innovative poetry and the book arts.
A 14th national park, Te Urewera National Park, was disestablished in 2014.
The series is produced using stop motion model animation and features unusually detailed sets and models.
Similarly, new Web frameworks could be developed as an alternative to ASP.NET.
2015 Savannah Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts.
The table provides BSF sizes, the threads per inch and spanner jaw sizes.
Originally present by the 13th century, the church was rebuilt in 1819 by the architect Angelo Venturoli.
Fredericton North (French: Fredericton-Nord) is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada from 1973 to 2006, and was contested again in the 2014 New Brunswick general election.
She was decommissioned in April 1946, and returned to the Maritime Commission three months later.
During his multi-year tenure with the Fly V Australia team, Kemp worked primarily as a domestique, though he won silver at the Australian road championships in January 2010 and finished third overall in the King of the Mountain classification at the Tour Down Under that same year.
In 2014 it rolled out dynamic currency conversion (DCC) enabled and foreign currency dispensing ATMs.
Gymnostylus signatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Joey Muha is a Canadian drummer from Port Dover, Ontario.
The film is based on the opera Griffelkin by Lukas Foss.
Ravi Behl appears in a supporting role.
Universal is the fourth studio album from Norwegian black metal band Troll.
The song received generally positive reviews, with critics praising Sia's powerful, electrifying vocals.
The first season consisted of eight hour-long episodes.
Just like visually impaired have found computers useful in their lives.
He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1979.
The National Hajj Council observes the responsibility of arranging pilgrimages to Mecca for believers who can afford the journey.
A House Without Boundaries (Spanish: La casa sin fronteras) is a 1972 Spanish drama film directed by Pedro Olea.
The Xbox 360 launched with backward compatibility with the number of supported Xbox games varying depending on region.
After its abolition, almost all of the riding's territory was given to the new riding of Southdale.
The majority of these roads service the western half of the region, with few located in the various deserts east of the Oakover River.
The 2010 edition of R League is reserve league of 2010 K League.
Therefore, financial integration can also be achieved from the elimination of restrictions pertaining to cross-border financial operations to allow (a) financial institutions to operate freely, (b) permit businesses to directly raise funds or borrow and (c) equity and bond investors to invest across the state line with fewer [or without imposing any] restrictions.
The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, which also operates Springfield-licensed CW affiliate WBDT (channel 26) through a local marketing agreement (LMA) with owner Vaughan Media, LLC.
The word is a portmanteau of the words permanent and temporary.
The Final Rule on Unique Device Identifiers also mandates medical device manufacturers to make a submission to the FDA's Global Unique Device Identification Database.
The governing body of DRDA includes Members of Parliament (MPs), Members of Legislative Assemblies (MLAs), District level officials of Development Departments, Bankers, NGO's and representatives of weaker sections of the society.
The Town Council sought extensive funds to carry out extensive works to remedy years of neglect and create recreation, fishing and wildlfe areas.
The study was undertaken by a broad partnership of practitioners, researchers and policymakers, overseen by the International Water Management Institute in Sri Lanka, with the aim of finding out if the world has sufficient water resources to produce food for future populations.
In 1992 he won the Sydney International Piano Competition.
Nevertheless, though people outside of the Netherlands consider Amsterdam to be one of the most famous and important centers of bicycle culture worldwide, the city itself is actually not at the top in terms of bike-friendliness compared to many smaller Dutch cities.
Uruguay competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.
USV has won the Liechtensteiner Cup on 5 occasions, the most recent being in 2012.
The group consists of Blossom Tainton-Lindquist, Gladys del Pilar, and Kayo Shekoni.
Bloody Men is the 20th studio album by British folk rock band Steeleye Span.
She has published over thirty novels.
M. finally merged the WC, and the Duluth, South Shore and Atlantic Railway on 1961-12-30.
Mildred Kiconco Barya is a writer and poet from Uganda.
In literature, action is the physical movement of the characters.
It is located at 15 Sussex Drive in the New Edinburgh neighborhood of Ottawa.
Also, most published research reports reference meshes that are currently removed from the medical device market due to complications post-surgery.
The 2017 FILA European Wrestling Championships was held in Novi Sad, Serbia, from 2 to 7 May 2017.
Post Animal is an American psychedelic rock band formed in 2014, originating from Chicago, Illinois.
Feinstein was a finalist on Season 7 of Last Comic Standing.
Furthermore, "an overall Marketing Information System can be defined as a set structure of procedures and methods for the regular, planned collection, analysis and presentation of information for use in making marketing decisions."
James H. Ammons was the president of Florida A&M University (FAMU).
One of the roads was sealed in 2004.
It was originally the top level of Faroe Islands football but was replaced by the Faroe Islands Premier League in 2005.
Southeast Christian Church is an evangelical Christian church based in Louisville, Kentucky.
The Royal Company of Archers performs this role when the Sovereign is in Scotland.
Shaun Ruwers (born 12 October 1982 in Durban) is a South African rugby union player for Stourbridge in National League 1.
It later morphed into the Department of Employment.
It is located on the northwestern part of the island and is bounded by Prince Regent Inlet, Lancaster Sound, and Admiralty Inlet (Nunavut).
This school encourages co-curricular activities along with formal education.
John Paul Stevens (born April 20, 1920) is an American lawyer and jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1975 until his retirement in 2010.
Swallowing Shit was a short-lived Canadian grindcore band formed in 1994 in Winnipeg.
The Goulburn River borders the south-west of the locality.
Participatory democracy strives to create opportunities for all members of a population to make meaningful contributions to decision-making, and seeks to broaden the range of people who have access to such opportunities.
The train station was originally built in 1926 by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul, and Pacific Railroad, but was also used by the Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste.
The center has been described by The Guardian as "one giant lab-meets-playground inside a fantastical magical bungalow".
The Currin Bridge has white portals and red sides.
Yeyera is a village in the Iolonioro Department of Bougouriba Province in south-western Burkina Faso.
Dubbing foreign-language films and making animated characters appear to speak both require elaborate lip-synching.
The bulk of XG's content was video game strategy guides and cheat codes.
Its president is Arlene Anderson, who with her husband Jim and investor Paul Balharrie acquired shares in the company in 2008.
There were built several mud brick chapels once paved on the inside with decorated stone slabs.
He was elected from Pithoragarh (Vidhan Sabha constituency) in the 2002 to 2007 but in Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly election, 2012, he lost to Mayukh Singh Mahar of Indian National Congress.
The position lost its importance after Jens Bjelke's tenure, and was abolished in 1679.
Mandollia isoensis is a species of leaf beetle of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, observed by Selman in 1972.
Charles W. Noyes, the owner, was a lawyer.
The porch has four Doric piers.
The exclusive agreement on the use of the Vodafone brandname covers the entire territory claimed by Republic of Cyprus, thus including Northern Cyprus so the use of the Vodafone brand by a company other than Cytamobile is not allowed on the entire island of Cyprus.
The building is now operated by the local historical society as a museum.
Despite this, it was shown that each of the mini-ykkC two stem-loop structures directly binds free guanidine.
The village of Santigron is along the Saramacca River not far from Paramaribo.
This is a list of flags flown by military powers worldwide.
Founded November 30, 1989, the station is owned by Living Faith Broadcasting of Watsonville, CA and is associated with local Seventh-day Adventist Churchs.
He returned to Rome, where he was appointed curator of a number of roads: the viae Clodia, Annia, Cassia, Cimina, tria Trajanarum, and Amerina.
It is a left tributary of the Paraguay River.
This is a little flawed due to the absence of some results and information as well as the inclusion of non-international teams to make up the numbers but should give the best guess available.
In addition, he is notable for having been a large contributor to political campaigns for the Democratic Party as well as being a voice calling for money to get out of politics.
Experiments were operated either simultaneously or sequentially, as desired.
All members present during this session were elected in the 1964 general elections.
During that season, he played in three games and had two receptions for 26 yards.
In 2000, the tournament moved to the Legends Club of Tennessee in Franklin, Tennessee and changed its name to the Electrolux USA Championship.
After the elected party leader resigned, Farage then became the party's interim leader on 5 October until Paul Nuttall was elected leader on 28 November.
In another type, the chemicals are in the inner chamber and the beverage surrounds it in the outer chamber.
Wuxiang Station is an elevated metro station in Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.
The encoded protein may play a role in obesity and sensorineural degradation.
He has seemingly grown more fish like since his last appearance.
All described species are endemic to the southeastern United States.
The keyboard was a split keyboard with each half of the keyboard separated and tilted upwards and down from the center of the keyboard.
Harris returned to the United States to continue her studies at The New School, New York, but soon changed from literature to acting.
Saint Paul College of Ilocos Sur, also known as SPCIS, is the oldest private school in Ilocos Sur.
One Mile is a suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.
A list of films produced by the Marathi language film industry based in Maharashtra in the year 1960.
From 2003 to 2011, he was Executive Director of the Serco Institute, a London-based think tank specializing in the design and management of public service markets.
He also occasionally makes other stringed instruments, such as mandolins, banjos, and fiddles.
Michel Devoret is a French physicist and F. W. Beinecke Professor of Applied Physics at Yale University.
The Akwa Ibom State Ministry of Works is the state government ministry, charged with the responsibility to plan, devise and implement the state policies on Works.
He is a professor of Management and Organization at Augsburg University and Director of the CisAlpino Institute of Comparative Studies in Europe (CCSE), Augsburg University and University of Bergamo, Italy.
Lim Pek Siah (born 8 October 1979) is a Malaysian former badminton player, who now works as a national badminton coach.
Sanjay Mehrotra is the CEO of Micron Technology and co-founder of SanDisk.
XHEOH-FM is a radio station on 96.1 FM in Ciudad Camargo, Chihuahua.
The film is mainly remembered for a small role by Kevin Costner as the hero's older brother.
However, the events portrayed are inconsistent with the plot of its predecessor, making the film less of a sequel and more of an alternate retelling.
A cancer vaccine is a vaccine that either treats existing cancer or prevents development of a cancer.
It is the fifth novel in the Joe Pitt Casebooks, following Every Last Drop.
It is likely that different family members have different substrate specificities, which may overlap.
Primarily it is a favorite pastime of small and teenage girls, but young boys too can take part in it.
The tourney opened on Wednesday, March 5 with the quarterfinals, followed by the semifinals on Saturday, March 8 and the finals on Tuesday, March 11.
About Time is the debut solo studio album released by British R&B singer Angel.
Nicholas Cheng (born August 19, 1990) is a Malaysian actor and journalist at The Star.
Nido Pavitra is an Congress Party MLA and Parliamentary Secretary in the Health and Family Welfare Department of Arunachal Pradesh, India.
OLAC was founded in 2000.
Eriksson was the first to describe the special forms within morphologically similar species of rust fungi.
Whilst the Progressive Labor Movement received the most votes, the opposition Antigua Labor Party won more than double the number of seats.
Natural is the Bee Gees' twelfth album (tenth worldwide), released in July 1974.
Local busses for expanded memory and video boards are the most common.
She was a prolific author on the topic of food preservation.
Angel claims a doctor told him the burning happened "internally" and he was a survivor of spontaneous human combustion.
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation Police (NYSDEC Police), is the law enforcement agency of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation, Division of Law Enforcement.
Copies, when they are sold, sell for over a thousand dollars.
Dance Tracks Vol.1 is Namie Amuro's first and only album with her first record company, Toshiba-EMI.
He died of cancer in 1986.
Evidence for benefits is lacking.
Its range includes most of Africa, much of Asia, and Australia.
It should not be confused with the Football Association of Ireland (FAI), the governing body in the Republic of Ireland.
Matthew Leuenberger (born 7 June 1988) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
The current (1885) church was designed by Abraham M. Radcliffe - a brick building with a gable roof and three matched doors across the front.
Merlucciidae from the western Pacific and siuth-eastern Pacific and south-western Atlantic which was described in 2006.
Michel L'Affilard (c.1656-1708) was a French tenor singer and the writer of a notable book on singing.
Now," New York dubbed The New York Times Reason #51, "because our hometown paper is still the greatest in the world," the magazine said...before adding, #52, on the facing page: "...next to The Villager.
It is now a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cosenza-Bisignano.
Art History, journal of the Association for Art History, is an international forum for peer-reviewed scholarship and innovative research.
As presently defined, the rufous-faced antbird is monotypic.
He got his start in animation at Nickelodeon on The Ren and Stimpy Show as character layout artist, followed by a three-year stint on Hey Arnold! as storyboard artist and director.
Production came from (among others) her boyfriend & life partner Andrew Henton.
Post-polio syndrome (PPS, or post-poliomyelitis syndrome or post-polio sequelae) is a condition that affects approximately 25 to 40 percent of people who have previously survived an acute attack of poliomyelitis, though more recent studies have shown that 80+% of polio survivors show symptoms of Post Polio Sequelae, a viral infection of the nervous system after the initial infection.
A Steam Train Passes is an award winning Australian 1974 short film set in the 1940s, featuring the construction and operation of locomotive 3801.
Canada suffered no casualties during the conflict but since its end many veterans have complained of suffering from Gulf War syndrome.
It was first published in 1895 and was revised dozens of times.
It was released as a download on 26 February 2007 and as two limited edition 7"s, and a CD single on 19 March that year.
In 2000, 35 of the 50 employees at the site's Santa Monica office were laid off in an effort to cut costs by focusing operations on the company's headquarters in Boca Raton, Florida.
These are rather divergent, Blench (2004) considers them to be distinct languages.
Michael J. Lyons (born August 10, 1951; Darby, Pennsylvania) is an American professional motivational speaker, actor and entrepreneur.
She argued that changes in workplace policies affected thinking about gender roles, and that gender boundaries were "blurring".
The community is centered on the intersection of Carter Road (County Route 569) and Rosedale Road (CR 604).
End is a 1984 fiction film by Mahmoud Shoolizadeh; is a story about the children who live near the railways and their lives are full of ups and downs.
The bank services include: checking accounts savings and money market accounts health savings accounts certificates of deposit (CDs), etc.
"Whatever Happened to Corey Haim?" closed out 2004 as BBC Radio 1's most requested track.
The New Zealand Kiwis will also compete at the 2017 Rugby League World Cup.
Tom Darcy (born 1 May 1906) was an Australian rower.
This is a list of listed buildings in the parish of Urray in Highland, Scotland.
AD 60 (LX) was a leap year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
Recognized as a Christian Minority Institution, the primary purpose of the school is to educate Christian children.
Nyctibatrachus vasanthi (also known as the Kalakad wrinkled frog) is a species of night frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family endemic to the Western Ghats, India.
The liturgy mainly consists of chanting or reciting a sutra or passages from a sutra, a mantra (especially in Vajrayana), and several gathas.
It was released on November 23, 2004.The box set includes the band's first four studio albums, an EP and a picture disk single.
It was one of the early audio cassette album released in USA .
The championship game, held on March 12, 2004, featured the number 1 seeded Texas Longhorns, and the sixth seeded Oklahoma Sooners.
CGMI also organized excursions for students.
The men's high jump event at the 1997 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadio Cibali in Catania, Italy.
As of early 2017, The Dengineers is also airing in the United States on the Discovery Family cable network.
Putzier was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fourth round of the 1988 NFL Draft and played that season with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
He was succeeded by his deputy George Simbachawene.
Colby is a former Rochester Industrial and Rapid Transit Railway station located in Rochester, New York.
In contrast to 1999's The Sounds of Science anthology, Solid Gold Hits consists only of tracks that were released as singles, with the exception of "Shake Your Rump".
Males are semitransluscent white with transverse fasciae and veins heavily marked with dark gray.
The musicians wear costumes and face paint while performing.
11,000 cal BP.The name of the Iberomaurusain means "of Iberia and Mauritania".
Vulvovaginal health measures can prevent many of these.
Calliostoma iridium, common name the Panama rainbow top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
Often an Orphan (1949) and Friz Freleng's Piker's Peak (1957) is also seen here.
Also In 2012 she starred, alongside Milla Jovovich, as Becky in Resident Evil: Retribution, the fifth movie in the franchise.
The song was not featured on West's albums Late Registration (2005) and Graduation (2007) that were released around the same time as it, but was featured on the Mission: Impossible III soundtrack.
Suman Ghosh (born 1972), is a film director, and a Professor of economics at Florida Atlantic University.
Sir Edward Mosley (died 1638) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1624.
The days sales outstanding figure is an index of the relationship between outstanding receivables and credit account sales achieved over a given period.
The Act creates two distinct processes: a disclosure process and a reprisal complaints process.
No motors are allowed on Horn Lake.
On dates, Greece officially adopted the Gregorian calendar on 16 February 1923 (which became 1 March).
The Big One is a 1992 British comedy-drama television series starring Sandi Toksvig as Deddie Tolbert and Mike McShane as James Howard.
It is part of the parish of Dromcollogher-Broadford (previously known as Killagholehane).
In the 1975 close season he joined Dutch side Telstar and scored twice on his debut on 17 August 1975 as Telstar won 5-1 away to Excelsior.
In rare cases, it may give rise to a cyst or a hydrocele in women and has potential to develop into an indirect inguinal hernia.
He is the author of four books of verse, two books of verse translation and one book of literary criticism.
The group published an open letter that stated that President George W. Bush had "failed in the primary responsibilities of preserving national security and providing world leadership" and had harmed foreign relations so badly that only a new leader can repair them.
Many biological scientists work in research and development.
The leaves have variously shaped blades borne on long petioles.
Philip Lynch (born 1946) is a prominent Irish businessman who has held the position of chief executive at two Irish public limited companies and multiple senior directorships including chairman of the board of An Post.
Judge has since left Redeye to start his own Artist Management Company named Second Motion Entertainment and works with legendary producer Daniel Lanois, as well as New Zealand punk rockers Die!
With annual average daily traffic (AADT) of 17,000, the highway is considered a major traffic corridor within Hobart.
This group is related to sedatives.
He had the most requested song on the Dr. Demento radio show in 2002, 2003, 2011, and 2014 with his songs "Peter Parker" featuring Sudden Death, "Stealing Like a Hobbit", "Snoopy the Dogg", and "Fake Adult" respectively.
Papworth is known as the sender of the first text message (also known as SMS message) in 1992.
It was described by Napp and Martins in 1996.
In mythology, medieval literature and occultism, the language of the birds is postulated as a mystical, perfect divine language, green language, adamic language, Enochian, angelic language or a mythical or magical language used by birds to communicate with the initiated.
This coincided with the rise of several Sheffield bands, including the Human League, Cabaret Voltaire, Heaven 17 and ABC.
Diplognathodus is an extinct genus of conodonts in the family Anchignathodontidae.
Draco sumatranus, the common gliding lizard, is a species of agamid lizard endemic to Southeast Asia.
Star S.A. developed the weapon after a successful run of submachine guns based on the German MP-40 design.
China Grove is a city in Rowan County, North Carolina, United States.
On January 11, 2016, as he began his third term in the chamber, Barras was elected House Speaker by his colleagues, who in what was considered a political upset on the second ballot rejected Representative Walt Leger, III, of New Orleans, the choice of incoming Democratic Governor John Bel Edwards.
They become highly accomplished musicians, learning to sing rhythmically, harmoniously, and purely, then blending their voices with others to create the unique sound that is Chorus Angelicus.
The Maples is a historic home located at Smithsburg, Washington County, Maryland, United States.
It brings prominent writers from the United States and abroad to Grand Forks.
Monkeybone is a 2001 American black comedy dark fantasy film directed by Henry Selick, written by Sam Hamm, and produced by Selick, Hamm, Mark Radcliffe, Michael Barnathan, and Chris Columbus.
It is a valuable timber tree which has been overharvested.
Dangerous! was the only Australian act to sign to Epitaph for worldwide distribution.[dead link][not in citation given]The band followed this release with a string of festival appearances throughout Europe and the US, including the Sonisphere Festival, Download, Big Day Out, and Pyramid Rock.
In 2018, the novel was adapt into the motion picture, titled Measure of a Man, starring Blake Cooper, Donald Sutherland, Luke Wilson and Judy Greer and was distributed by Great Point Media.
He is portrayed by Jamil Walker Smith.
Jim Burns won eight of the sixteen Best Artist awards.
Many fangames attempt to clone or remake the original game's design, gameplay and characters, but it is equally common for fans to develop a unique game using another only as a template.
Shanmugasundaram was an Indian film actor who has appeared in Tamil films.
Life FM (callsign: 2WLF) is a Christian radio station in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, which broadcasts on 101.9 MHz n the FM.
Test management tools are used to store information on how testing is to be done, plan testing activities and report the status of quality assurance activities.
The Trold Fiord Formation is a geologic formation in Nunavut.
Lotto 6/49 led to the gradual phase-out of that type of lottery game in Canada.
They often sat on top of nearby hills or ridge lines.
He first formed the ZCC in 1924, and by the time of his death the church had at least 50,000 members.
Interstitial granulomatous drug reaction is an uncommon, yet under-recognized, pattern of adverse reactions to medication.
Beginning March 2007, it was originally titled Superman Legends and was published alongside Batman Legends.
The initiative aims for a harmonized global biodiversity monitoring system.
King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes was a horse race held at Ascot Racecourse on Saturday 27 July 2013.
The manhunt began after the shootings of Stobbart and Brown in the early hours of 3 July 2010 in Birtley.
The Goulburn River runs through Kevington.
Notomulciber variegatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Excess-3, 3-excess or 10-excess-3 binary code (often abbreviated as XS-3, 3XS or X3) or Stibitz code (after George Stibitz, who built a relay-based adding machine in 1937) is a self-complementary binary-coded decimal (BCD) code and numeral system.
Longivesica is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
They are often found along creeks and streams; males call from trees overhanging running water.
He won a reserves premiership with Essendon in 1968.
The Court also found the school district failed to outline any administrative course of action enabling students to appeal when charged with violating the broadly applied policy.
The hamlet consists of two farms at the end of a small access road.
Azoychka is a yellow Russian beefsteak heirloom tomato.
Peter Joseph Ferrara (born April 26, 1955) is an American lawyer, policy analyst, and columnist who is an analyst for The Heartland Institute.
Michael Lindsey (born July 10, 1987) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.
The electorate was created in 1981, when the Constitution Amendment (No. 9) Act 1980 adjusted electorate boundaries and split the multimember electorate of Atiu into two separate constituencies.
With his skating partner, Katy Keeley, he won silver at the 1984 St. Ivel International, gold at the 1986 Skate America, bronze at the 1987 Skate Canada International, bronze at the 1987 NHK Trophy, and bronze at the 1988 Grand Prix International de Paris.
Hyder is accessible by road from British Columbia, and is popular with motorists wishing to visit Alaska without driving the length of the Alaska Highway.
He is an artificial dragon-like humanoid android who was animated via alchemy.
It contains material which was recorded in 1967 for Buddah Records, and which was originally intended for release as part of an abandoned project entitled It Comes to You in a Plain Brown Wrapper.
The Flemish Parliament abolished the institute per 1 January 2013.
Bravehearted is an album by the American duo the Bravehearts.
The current building opened in 1963.
Don Griffin (born Donald Dean Griffin) was a professional American football halfback.
It is one of two historic farm complexes located in Ditto Farm Regional Park, along with Ditto Knolls.
The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) is a professional association for human resource management professionals.
The Saihriem (Faihriem, Syriem) language is spoken by a mixture of the Saihriem/Faihriem people and other ethnically closely related people such as the Aimol, Kuki, Vaiphei, in four neighboring villages (Noxatilla, Bagbahar, Balisor, Nagathol & Saihriemkhuo villages) around Dwarbond in Bojalenga Block of Cachar District, Assam.
Heartfire (1998) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
This cactus is colonial, forming colonies of "trunked" plants and several "pups".
He was the author of the long-running and popular "New Collector" series in Gibbons Stamp Monthly.
The population was 1,319 at the 2010 census.
Born to Run is an autobiography of American songwriter-musician Bruce Springsteen that was released on September 27, 2016 (the audiobook, narrated by Springsteen, was released on December 6, 2016).
The Bolton Royal Infirmary was an acute general hospital in Chorley Street, Bolton, Greater Manchester.
A former prostitute, she founded and directed the Sex Workers Outreach Project USA (SWOP-USA), and helped organize the annual International Day to End Violence Against Sex Workers.
It is based in Kochi and Alappuzha.
Zemiropsis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Babyloniidae.
Political alienation refers to an individual citizen's relatively enduring sense of estrangement from or rejection of the prevailing political system.
He became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 1938 and was a member of the Architectural League of New York and the National Sculpture Society.
She lives in Crown Heights, Brooklyn with her three daughters.
He played for the Los Angeles/St.
The European political landscape changed drastically, with several former Eastern Bloc countries joining NATO and the European Union, resulting in stronger economic and social integration with Western Europe and the United States.
He is the son of the British-born classical scholar and historian Bernard Knox and the novelist Bianca VanOrden.
This episode is also known as "Cream Cave" and as "Cream Rush Fever".
Mao Xinyu (born 17 January 1970) is a grandson of Mao Zedong and a Major General in the People's Liberation Army.
Before being demolished in 1937, it was a bazaar and a wine merchant's show room for over a hundred years.
The company claims to blend proprietary analytic tools, Artificial Intelligence, and subject matter expertise to produce a homonymous software system to help its users find patterns indicative of terrorist attacks and other criminal events.
Full Gospel Believers Church or Mulu Wongel Church (in Amharic) is a Pentecostal church located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Michael "Mike" Sgarbossa (born July 25, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward.
The population of Allen Township was 2,630 at the 2000 census.
There can be several deputy lieutenants at any time, depending on the population of the county.
In Sarawak, it is known as the traditional snack for the Iban people.
Cortical maps are collections (areas) of minicolumns in the brain cortex that have been identified as performing a specific information processing function (texture maps, color maps, contour maps, etc.).
Hijack is a made-for-television dramatic movie that first aired on ABC in 1973 as a movie produced from the ABC Movie of the Week library.
It was active until 1982, however was later briefly revived for the release of three Slade singles in 1987-88.
It has undergone recent upgrades as part of the Tiger Brennan Drive extension works between 2009 and 2012.
Fab Lab Barcelona is a center of production, investigation and education, that uses last generation (as of 2008) computer-assisted design software for the creation of prototypes and scale models for Architecture, Construction, Industrial Design and any activity that needs the connection to a computer to manipulate materials according to digital instructions.
Raspado won multiple special awards: Best in National Costume, Best in Talent, Mr. Popularity and Mr. Photogenic.
Peperomia disjunctiflora is a species of plant in the Piperaceae family.
She has been an assistant coach with the University of Chicago women's soccer team since March 13, 2015.
OV26 (Epilobium hirsutum community) is one of the open habitat communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
It is currently owned and operated by LaSalle Investment Management, who purchased the center in 2011.
This also marked the first presidential election since 1924 in which Virginia voted for the Democratic presidential candidate whilst neighboring West Virginia voted for the Republican presidential candidate.
Morgan and Wong attempted to create a version of the earlier episode "Beyond the Sea", this time centered on Duchovny's character Mulder.
He became a world expert on polyzoa, and a good taxonomist.
Its sponsoring body is the Association for the Promotion of Auteur Photography, founded in 1981.
Nurmat Mirzabaev (born 11 November 1972) is a retired football defender from Kazakhstan.
Catocala kusnezovi is a moth in the family Erebidae.
La danza (The Dance) is an opera by the composer Christoph Willibald Gluck.
Crystal Lake is a village census-designated place and part of the town of Ellington, Connecticut in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.
It was originally aired on October 4, 2006 on Logo.
Seven of those were published in the 5-year period 1966-1970; the eighth one appeared in 1998, after a 28-year gap.
After practicing with Sherman, they felt that he was the best fit because he worked well with Flea and Martinez.
Her Wren's War was an Anne Spencer Lindbergh Honor Book, and it and The Spy Princess were Mythopoeic Fantasy Award finalists.
Tama is a video game developed and published by Tengen for the Sega Saturn.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972, with a boundary increase in 1985.
Moseley railway station in Moseley, Birmingham, England, operated from 1867 to 1941.
Finders Keepers is a 1984 comedy film directed by Richard Lester and starring Michael O'Keefe, Beverly D'Angelo and features an early performance by Jim Carrey.
Stop to Love is a compilation album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross, released in 2002.
On its slopes are many streams and fertile soils.
He was the area Bishop of Lewes in the Diocese of Chichester in the Church of England from 1997 until his retirement in October 2012.
Their shells have prominent lateral outgrowths in the form of spines and a high intraspecific variability.
Violence continued for two more days, with a number of Jewish neighborhoods being attacked.
Today Bolita is played in Puerto Rico and, in the United States, among Cuban and Puerto Rican groups.
The new housing estate is built upon an old brickworks and the village hall, in the center of the development, was erected above the old kilns.
Rhagio lineola is a species of 'snipe flies' belonging to the family Rhagionidae.
As well, the nutritional needs of people with HIV/AIDS are greater due to their immune system fighting off opportunistic infections that do not normally cause disease in people with healthy immune systems.
Surprisingly, it included bamboo to form the frame of the stove.
Brian Alfred Chatterton (born 1941) is a former Australian politician.
Erythroparvovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Parvoviridae, in the subfamily Parvovirinae.
The science of chemical compositions and changes involved in the production, protection, and use of crops and livestock.
The front wings are brown while hind wings are transparent.
In 2003, he traveled with Danny Burns to Iraq as part of a Christian Peacemaker Team.
According to the recorded filiation of his son, Marcus' father's praenomen was Caeso Fabius.
State Route 214 (SR 214) is a 2-lane east to west highway located in Obion County, Tennessee.
However, online music stores generally offer partial streaming previews of songs, with some songs even available for full length listening.
The village is at the foot of the Chiltern Hills just to the south of the Vale of Aylesbury, two miles from Wendover and five miles from Aylesbury.
The reason Kay was restricting the tour to Manchester was so he could be close to his family.
Peter Lang (born January 6, 1948) is an acoustic guitarist who recorded for Takoma Records with John Fahey and Leo Kottke.
Heliactinidia caerulescens is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.
They had two daughters there and Toten first started writing.
Gone to Earth (1950) is a British Technicolor film by the director-writer team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger.
For the list of television networks in Canada, see the List of Canadian television networks (table).
Ronald J. Oakerson (born c. 1944) is a professor of political science and intercultural studies at Houghton College.
The marsh widowbird (Euplectes hartlaubi) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
She is buried on the site in the O'Neill family cemetery.
Simpsons Comics and Bart Simpson comics are reprinted in the United Kingdom by the publishing company Titan Magazines, under the same titles.
The following is the list of squads for each of the 16 teams competing in the 2014 FIBA World Championship for Women, held in Turkey between September 27 and October 5.
The family Sebastidae, marine fishes that inhabit oceans around the world.
It is developed and supported by a community of users and developers and by the OpenNMS Group, offering commercial services, training and support.
The series premiered on February 10, 2013.The series' title was changed many times through production.
The caucus supports increased infrastructure spending and opposes offshoring.
Melinda Claire Buttle (born 25 January 1982) is an Australian comedian and writer.
It was created in the redistribution of provinces in 1882 when the original provinces of Central and Eastern Provinces were abolished.
The partner of influential unionist Kevin Reynolds, she was associated with the conservative wing of the party.
Mathathane is a village in Central District of Botswana.
Its purpose is to check the clearances around the tracks and ensure that trains conforming to the railroad's standard loading gage or dynamic envelope will not encounter any obstruction.
The government did not lower her pension or refuse to allow her to attend conferences.
Cynara is a genus of thistle-like perennial plants in the sunflower family.
The Turbo-Union RB199 is an aircraft turbofan jet engine designed and built in the early 1970s by Turbo-Union, a joint venture between Rolls-Royce, MTU and FiatAvio.
Portchester Community School is a mixed comprehensive community school for 11- to 16-year-olds in Portchester, England.
Shila was 26 years old at the time of the album's release and she is the first Malay artist to release a full Chinese studio album at Beijing, China.
Founded in 2004, the Storm competed in the inaugural WWCFL championship game.
The Long Night of '43 or It Happened in '43 (original Italian title - La lunga notte del '43) is an Italian film of 1960 set in Ferrara, in the Italian Social Republic Nazi puppet state during the late stages of WW2.
The Flying Legend Tucano Replica (English: Toucan) is an Italian light-sport aircraft, designed and produced by Flying Legend of Caltagirone and introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen show in 2011.
On February 14, 2018, House Bill 5017 was introduced by Ohio Representative Marcia Fudge to reauthorize HFFI.
Although the exact origin and cause is uncertain, they are almost definitely extragalactic.
A late entry in the genre of disco, Mickey Mouse Disco included disco versions of Disney songs and Disney-fied versions of disco hits.
He was also a reporter for WYTV-Channel 33 in Youngstown, Ohio, an ABC affiliate.
He has also worked on kidney transplantation, and has written on the history of nephrology.
He published his first novel in 2005.
Naroli is a village in the Tehsil Bayana district Bharatpur Rajasthan.
The editors-in-chief are Matthew E. Brashears and Brent Simpson (University of South Carolina).
The website is aimed at buyers and other professionals in the marine and maritime sectors as well as pleasure boaters and other watersports fans.
Leonard Joel (Len) Bass (born ca 1944) is an American software engineer, Emeritus professor and former researcher at the Software Engineering Institute (SEI), particularly known for his contributions on software architecture in practice.
Kaden graduated with his bachelor's degree as well from Northern Arizona University, and is currently a Flight Attendant for Delta Air Lines.
Kilcormac/Killoughey were the reigning champions, and they successfully defended their title following a 1-21 to 1-14 defeat of Birr.
The first warning of an emergency came 21 minutes after takeoff, when the pilot radioed a request to return to Jeddah because smoke was coming into the cabin and cockpit.
It was built in 1897, and at the time the stationmaster was able to see along the track from the doorways.
The two rockjumpers have been treated as separate species but differ in size and plumage.
GVC Holdings PLC is a gambling and online gambling operator in both business-to-consumer (B2C) and business-to-business (B2B) markets.
The Battle of Blair's Landing was fought on April 12, 1864, in Red River Parish, Louisiana, as a part of the Red River Campaign of the American Civil War.
Labrisomus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the western Atlantic ocean and the eastern Pacific Ocean.
Sodom is a German thrash metal band from Gelsenkirchen, formed in 1981.
He currently lives in between Rio de Janeiro and the City of Brighton & Hove, UK.
Produced by Krian Pictures, the film stars Shiv Pandit, Sandeepa Dhar, Natasa Stankovic and Varun Badola Inspired by true event, the film revolves around a hostage crisis and what happens within 7 hours after that incident.
The Women's 800m event at the 2010 South American Games was held on March 21 at 18:05.
In 1990, the UK Parliament passed the Computer Misuse Act.
Justice Jamadar served as a Judge in the High Court until his elevation to the Court of Appeal in 2008.
Although apparently a mistake intended to refer to Ron and Tammy's registry, some commentators suggested it could be indicative of future events in the series.
Tim Jamison, II (born February 26, 1986) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent.
He appeared in Season Three of Hetty Wainthropp Investigates playing Frank Wainthropp (1997).
Its written form is related to Middle Persian Pahlavi.
Dorcadion sericatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
He is the author of the controversial book, The Child Seducers which was an attack on the current state of education in America during the 1960s.
It is Austria's third largest lake by area, surpassed only by Lake Constance and Lake Neusiedl, which, however, both extend beyond national borders.
She taught for shorter periods in Australia, Canada and the USA.
Muracypraea is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.
Between them, the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats controlled 363 seats in the House of Commons, with a majority of 76 seats.
Jasbir Sandhu (born April 21, 1966) is a former Canadian politician.
She is part of the Military Sealift Command fleet of support ships.
It was a parliamentary borough created in 1295, centered on the market town Wallingford in Berkshire (now in Oxfordshire).
In an interview, Billy Martin said that the piano melody of the song was the first Good Charlotte song created with a piano.
Of Pretty is the second album released by the Florida-based hard rock music group, Crease.
Triple B is a non-alcoholic malt drink.
It has grown considerably and now includes a hospital, a nursing school, two secondary schools and two primary schools.
According to Professor Suttvinder Juss, O'Higgins was "a mentor of unfathomable talent and achievements, who left his mark on all who came under his guidance."
Mount Carmel West is a primary care hospital located in downtown Columbus, Ohio on a 37-acre campus.
It is available both in paper form and online.
It is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of lycopene and a variety of bacterial carotenoids.
Additionally, this is the third installment in the Beethoven film series.
As the star of the television detective series Tenafly he is (along with Susan Saint James of McMillan & Wife) one of the last surviving actors to have starred as a title character from a series featured on the NBC Mystery Movie.
MBD-containing proteins appear to act as structural proteins, which recruit a variety of histone deacetylase (HDAC) complexes and chromatin remodeling factors, leading to chromatin compaction and, consequently, to transcriptional repression.
It was produced by the Essanay Company.
Assigned to the 1st Naval District in northern New England, Skink carried out patrol duties in the Boston, Massachusetts, area for the rest of World War I. Skink was decommissioned on 22 November 1918 and returned to Longyear on 24 February 1919.
It is named after the ancient city of Vaishali of Mithila, which is mentioned in the Mahabharata as well as in Buddhism and Jainism.
The film, based on a Bengali short story by Sunil Gangopadhyay, was produced under the banner of Picture Perfect and has a script by Shyamaprasad himself, cinematography by Alagappan, editing by Vinod Sukumaran and music by Ouseppachan.
Defence Nuclear Material Transport Operations refer to the movements of military Defense Nuclear Materials (DNM) within, to and from the United Kingdom.
This might occur, for example, where a tenant vacates an apartment because a landlord turns off the heat or water.
Darren was born in Johannesburg on 27 September 1990, to parents Timothy John and Alison Jean Struwig.
Seligmann's role wasn't big, but effective.
Juskow is perhaps best known for such televisions shows and films as Men of a Certain Age, Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist, TV Funhouse, The Sarah Silverman Program and The Wrestler.
Declan James (born 19 April 1993 in Nottingham) is a professional squash player who represented England.
Chemehuevi Mountains are found at the southeast border of San Bernardino County in southeastern California adjacent the Colorado River.
In foreign affairs, Van Buren denied the application of Texas for admission to the Union, concerned that it would touch off an acrimonious debate over the extension of slavery.
Sherry Lynn Calvert (born June 6, 1951 in Los Angeles, California) is a retired female javelin thrower from the United States, who represented her native country twice at the Summer Olympics: 1972 and 1976.
In August 1457 Venetians recaptured Dagnum from Dukagjini after fierce battle and significant casualties.
He won an Olympic gold medal as part of the 4x100 meter relay team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
In 2009, HBO broadcast the inaugural Billie Jean King Cup.
Meanwhile, a 36 episode about IndyCar Series with Tony Kanaan first aired on April 1, 2012.
The 2011 Grand Prix de Futsal was the seventh edition of the international futsal competition of the same kind as the FIFA Futsal World Cup but with invited nations and held annually in Brazil.
A man named Sheldon opened a fish saltery there in the 1930s, and the city was incorporated under the name Sheldon Point in 1974.
The first song to be made available was the title-track, streamed from 22 April on.
He resides in Los Angeles, CA.
Corpus Christi Rugby Football Club (CCRFC) is a member of the Texas Rugby Union, an affiliate of the Western Rugby Union, as well as USA Rugby.
Wilhelmus Maria Antonia (Kees) Aarts (born May 24, 1959) is a Dutch political scientist and Professor of Political Science at the Department of Public Administration (PA) of the University of Twente, particular known for his work on comparative electoral behavior.
The show was presented by Jayne Middlemiss and would later be presented by Philippa Forrester, both of whom, like Reed, served as Robot Wars pit reporters.
Iowa World Tour was a worldwide concert tour in 2001 and 2002 headlined by Slipknot in support of their second studio album Iowa.
The band's chart singles included "Georgia Pines" (1967) and "Ways" (1968).
Typically, the user physically disconnects the target line from the telephone network, connects the vermilion box, and then proceeds to create a completely bogus telephone call.
Barry and the younger Bracegirdle had often worked together as a tragic/comic heroine pair to bring audiences the typically tragic/comic rollercoaster experience of Restoration plays.
It is threatened by habitat loss, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed it as near-threatened.
In 1995, it was split into the Dutch-speaking Flemish Brabant, the French-speaking Walloon Brabant and the bilingual Brussels-Capital Region.
It takes its name from a mountain range in Bulgaria which forms the border with northern Greece.
A ceasefire (accorded to be in effect from 6 September 1991) had been agreed between the parts on July.
Pinhalzinho, Santa Catarina is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.
Blanchett was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium.
In 1972 during the Vietnam War, while flying as a weapon systems officer aboard F-4 Phantom IIs, Feinstein downed five enemy aircraft, thereby becoming a flying ace, the last of five U.S. aviators to become aces during that conflict.
The Laser class at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships was held in Perth, Australia between December 12 and 18, 2011.
The film was of the tragic romance/revenge film genres.
San Antonio Rose is a 1941 American black-and-white musical film starring Jane Frazee and featuring Lon Chaney, Jr. and Shemp Howard as a faux Abbott and Costello; it was also designed as a showcase for the then-popular vocal group The Merry Macs.
This results in an accumulation of calcium in the myocardial cell via the sodium calcium exchanger and leads to a greater state of inotropism, a mechanism which is also seen with cardiac glycosides.
Saaluncifera is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae from Africa.
The Pullen Park Carousel is a classic wood carousel at Pullen Park in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Some sailing Schools holding RYA recognition may allow Day Skipper training without first taking the shore-based course, if the student can navigate up to Day Skipper standards.
It is based on the 1915 novel Her First Elopement by Alice Duer Miller.
Clement Junior James (born 10 March 1981) is an English retired semi-professional football left winger who made one appearance in the Football League for Brentford.
Queen Tiye, wife of Ramesses III, against whom she was involved in a harem conspiracy to put her son Pentawere on the throne.
Following recording, the band went on tour with Killswitch Engage and Santa Sangre.
This name is considered a nomen dubium.
Retaining her original engines, boilers and little-changed accommodations, she is one of the best preserved Edwardian ocean steamships in the world and a renowned example of Canada's earliest scientific prowess in the fields of hydrography and oceanography.
A language that has only one formally standardized version is monocentric.
Charles E. Allan (born 1910, date of death unknown) was a footballer who played in The Football League for Darlington and Northampton Town.
It may regulate the expression of the DAOA gene.
Some of the original open space has been built on, but a large proportion remains as a recreational area.
This list provides an overview of the motive power operated by Deutsche Bahn AG.
A longtime veteran of the Vancouver's NWA All-Star Wrestling, he feuded with Terry Adonis, The Brute and former NWA World Heavyweight Champion Gene Kiniski.
It was unveiled on 27 June 1920 and originally stood on the crossroads of East Barnet Road and Church Hill Road, but was later moved a short distance so that it now stands in front of the Brookside Methodist Church.
It won a BAFTA for Best Factual Series in 1993.Curtis deals with, in order: Communism in the Soviet Union, systems analysis and game theory during the Cold War, economy of the United Kingdom during the 1970s, the insecticide DDT, Kwame Nkrumah's leadership in Ghana in the 1950s, and the history of nuclear power.
Orthopterygium is a monotypic genus of dioecious plants in the subfamily Anacardioideae of the cashew and sumac family Anacardiaceae.
It currently operates in Bangalore, Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Pune, and Mumbai.
He works at Leslie Equipment Company in WV.
It has some relation to the problem play.
In his 7 matches, he scored 78 runs at a batting average of 13.00, with a high score of 39, while in the field he took a single catch.
The concept implies that the physical healthcare environment can make a difference in how quickly the patient recovers from or adapts to specific acute and chronic conditions.
Brittany portal The Battle of Champtoceaux, often called the Battle of l'Humeau, was the opening action of the 23-year-long War of the Breton Succession, a dynastic conflict in Brittany which became inevitably embroiled in the Hundred Years War between England and France.
It was recorded in March and April 1990, and contains selections from the band's 18-CD box set Spring 1990.
"The Natural" Holzken (born December 16, 1983) is a Dutch super middleweight kickboxer and professional boxer.
Chilean mythology includes the mythology, beliefs and folklore of the Chilean people.
Amos is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County, in the U.S. state of Nevada.
This is usually done by mounting two drivers, one over the other, in a push-pull configuration.
It did, however, appear on the dance charts.
He edited The New Anthem: The Subcontinent in its Own Words, an anthology of fiction from the Indian subcontinent.
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Indonesia Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match.
P. "Lee" Cowan is the CBS News National Correspondent for the CBS Evening News and substitute anchor for CBS Sunday Morning.
While bishop, he was the principal consecrator of Alvise Sagredo, Patriarch of Venice (1678).
Navy Captain Omoniyi Caleb Olubolade (born 30 November 1954) is a former Military Administrator of Bayelsa State, Nigeria who was appointed Minister of Special Duties on 6 April 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.
The novel was a Finalist for both the Pulitzer Prize in 1988 and the National Book Award in 1987.Set in the 1960s, the novel's narrated through the lens of a 10-year-old girl fascinated with the romantic lives of two Long Island teenagers, Sheryl and Rick.
Friday Elahor (born 14 November 1967) is a Nigerian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder.
Pawera is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.
Because of his contributions, he was listed as one of 24 founding officials of Tang Dynasty honored on the Lingyan Pavilion.
Matti Vuorinen (born 6 November 1948), is a Finnish mathematician, and author of two books on quasiregular and quasiconformal mappings.
He is currently the assistant coach of CSKA Sofia.
She finished in second place in the Belgian National Road Race Championships in 1999.
Soulcrusher is the lead single by the hard rock band Operator from their debut studio album Soulcrusher and was written by frontman Johnny Strong.
The five known species (with only two given common names) are all within the genus Melanocetus.
He has produced three short films, Feel Like Chicken Tonight, The Miracle and Rose.
Marco Roelofsen (born October 3, 1968, in Harderwijk, Gelderland) is a retired football (soccer) midfielder from the Netherlands, who started his professional career in the 1987/1988 season.
Jack Yates Senior High School is a secondary school located at 3703 Sampson, very near Texas Southern University, in the historic Third Ward in Houston, Texas, United States.
The name Coomera comes from the Yugambeh word kumera, a species of wattle.
The Edo State gubernatorial election was held on 28 September 2016 to determine the Governorof Edo State.
The band recorded a pair of pair of folk rock songs under the name the Loved ones, but they were never released.
The Georgia Historical Society (GHS), headquartered in Savannah, Georgia, is the oldest cultural institution in the state and one of the oldest historical organizations in the United States.
A Dangerous Summer is a 1982 Australian crime film drama film directed by Quentin Masters and starring Tom Skerritt, Ian Gilmour, Guy Doleman and James Mason.
She first appeared in the Marvel Comics Runaways.
It has been certified a gold record by the RIAA.
It is also a place of entertainment for families.
Fa'ato'ialemanu is a village on the island of Upolu in Samoa.
The original operating name "Victory Brewing Company" was replaced to avoid trademark disputes with an existing United Kingdom brand; the Downingtown, Pennsylvania Victory Brewing Company had yet to be established.
It added to the growing tensions between the respective governments and encouraged the mobilization of local militias to the area, which nearly sparked an armed conflict.
Southport is the location of the North Carolina Fourth of July Festival, which attracts 40,000 to 50,000 visitors annually.
The Epistle is the first of a series of apostolic letters and encyclicals published by Pius IX defining the terms and conditions for a reunification between the Roman Church and the Orthodox Churches, after the Great Schism of 1054.
In the 2004 airshow season a third L-39 was added.
He competed in the men's 110 meters hurdles at the 1980 Summer Olympics, representing East Germany.
Her father is former BBC newsreader Peter Sissons and her mother, Sylvia, is a teacher.
The Saltmarket is a thoroughfare in the City of Glasgow, Scotland.
She is the author of Human Hours (Graywolf Press, 2018), The Game of Boxes (Graywolf Press, 2012), winner of the James Laughlin Award, and Into Perfect Spheres Such Holes Are Pierced (Alice James Books, 2004), winner of the Beatrice Hawley Award.
Ma Kyin Lwan (born 5 May 1966) is a Burmese racewalker.
Factors affecting the time interval measured include sand quantity, sand coarseness, bulb size, and neck width.
This form of signal multiplexing was developed in telecommunications for telegraphy systems in the late 19th century, but found its most common application in digital telephony in the second half of the 20th century.
Meerabai Not Out, based on cricket, is a 2008 Hindi Bollywood film that stars Mahesh Manjrekar, Mandira Bedi, Eijaz Khan and Anupam Kher.
Two species have been assigned to it, but as the original name is based on teeth, there is no concrete evidence to connect the two species.
Edward William J. Savage (born 15 November 1989) is an English footballer and former actor.
The people in Murra make their living primarily farming corn and beans and raising coffee.
She is best known for producing The One I Love (2014) and Lamb (2015), for which she won an Independent Spirit Award.
He also competed at the 1966 Asian Games and won three medals in team events.
Often seen in rainforest margins or eucalyptus forest in Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland, it is a terrestrial fern with reddish new growth.
He now resides in the Houston Metro area.
On 31 May 2004 she broke the World record over 100 meters again, this time during the FBK-Games in Hengelo with a time of 17.20 seconds.
The song peaked at number 10 on the UK Singles Chart; the song also charted in Belgium, Ireland and the Netherlands.
She is also an interior design consultant.
It reached number 19 in the UK Albums Chart in May 2013, and was critically acclaimed.
One of the last maps to feature Groclant was a Quadus map of 1608.
The main campus of the college is in Tilak Nagar area of Jaipur.
Instead, the new government ordered masacres and death marches.
Founded in 1968 as Aggregation Gallery, the gallery presented a wide program of over 500 exhibitions over 45 years.
The film was directed by Sidney J. Furie, and shot in California, Utah, and Arizona.
BAICE is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to promoting teaching, research, policy and development in all aspects of international and comparative education.
However, as A&M prepared for the release of the second album, PolyGram (A&M Parent label) was bought by Seagram and merged with its MCA Records family to create Universal Music.
Sulfonucleotide reductases are a class of enzymes involved in reductive sulfur assimilation.
The festival was founded in 1966, as the first jazz festival in Spain and one of the oldest in Europe.
These types of bacteria are known as aerotolerant.
The film premiered at the 2013 Telluride Horror Show and followed multiple film festival screenings including Shriekfest and Screamfest.
In addition, she has won two Best Actress awards at the Cannes Film Festival for her roles in Shy People (1987) and A World Apart (1988).
The second and final volume of the anthology was released in October 2008.
The municipality, located on the southwest side of Lake Garda, is bounded by other communes of Padenghe sul Garda, Manerba del Garda and Soiano del Lago.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Miami Dolphins in 2014, and has also played for the New Orleans Saints, San Francisco 49ers, and Seattle Seahawks.
The film is a co-production between companies in the United States, Ireland, and the United Kingdom.
Besides the original Taurus/Sable, it appeared briefly in the Lincoln line in the early 1990s, and in some Land Rovers as well.
In late 2013, Owens departed the series and his character was written out.
A total of 9,704 athletes from 45 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) competed in 476 events from 42 sports and disciplines (28 Olympic sports and 14 non-Olympic sports), making it the largest event in the history of the Games.
These are used in different types of process industries.
Bayou L'Ourse is a census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.
In fact, Oberon's home is not named in Shakespeare's play; it appears instead in the French epic Huon of Bordeaux.
Liam Barry was an English teacher also.
In 2012, the scope of the mission expanded to include Somali coastal territories and internal waters so as to co-ordinate counter-piracy operations with Somalia's Transitional Federal Government (TFG) and regional administrations.
He was an executive story editor for the Starz drama series Crash.
Many in natural health circles have claimed that the apple cider vinegar in honeygar has wide ranging benefits on health.
China Roces (born Geraldine Catalan) is a Filipina actress, model and radio personality.
In North America, the term watershed is commonly used to mean a drainage basin, though in other English-speaking countries, it is used only in its original sense, that of a drainage divide.
They tap the bamboos in rhythmic beats.
He was a temporary Naval Chaplain and RAF from 1917 to 1918.
Iamsound Records is a Los Angeles, California-based independent label, which was founded in 2006 by Niki Roberton, as a part of Worlds End, USA (one of the largest US talent management companies for producers).
The group is into real estate development for verticals like Commercial, Residential, Hospitality, Industrial Warehouse spaces, Services, Retail and Education.
Wilson was picked to be the alternate player for team Great Britain at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Today it houses a restaurant on the ground floor, three holiday apartments on the middle floor and a small museum of medieval weapons, armor and torture implements on the top floor.
It was released by Columbia Records on December 6, 2011.
It meant that I wouldn't have to worry about using studio time to write new material and rushing things.
It was reviled by some elements of the naval wargaming hobby as being over simplistic and unrealistic, resulting in some poor press on various wargaming fora (e.g. NavWarGames, and in the Naval Wargames Society journal Battlefleet).
This unit has the unique honor of being the parent unit of Pakistan Army's special forces known as Special Service Group.
Simon Bucher-Jones (born Simon Jones, 6 September 1964) is an author, poet and amateur actor.
It was released in an edition of 3,500 copies.
She also has 6 publications in Nature, which is considered one of the most prestigious science journals.
Her remains showed signs of having been refrigerated and the case was dubbed the "Deep Freeze Murder" by the press.
The by-election was won by Bill Rowling, also of the Labor Party (and a future leader).
The canal runs through the Emeralda Marsh Conservation Area and is often overgrown with vegetation and unnavigable by boat.
A flash rob, also known as a multiple offender crime or flash mob robbery, is an organized form of theft in which a group of participants enter a retail shop or convenience store en masse and steal goods and other items.
Erin Brockovich is a 2000 American biographical film directed by Steven Soderbergh and written by Susannah Grant.
The center is located opposite Gandhi Sagar Lake in the heart of Nagpur.
Marcus started the Child Psychiatry Program at Tulane University School of Medicine in 1952, he is a Founder and former President of the New Orleans Psychoanalytic Institute, Emeritus Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at LSU School of Medicine, and is considered a psychoanalytic scholar.
Sheehan was educated at Gonzaga College, and University College Dublin, and the Incorporated Law Society.
It was established in 1994 by Tracy E. Carman and Donald Worsham as an archive for documents and important recordings related to the broadcasting industry.
Usually thought of as the first album by Ian Dury and the Blockheads (his backing band from 1977 to 1982), the album is credited solely to Dury as the Blockheads were not officially formed until Stiff's 'Live Stiffs' package tour the month after its release, and two members of the Blockheads do not play on the album.
Polypodium scutulatum is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family.
Derri Derra is a locality in the North Burnett Region, Queensland, Australia.
The software lets users discover independently owned points of interest in the United States and Canada.
The Stonehenge Limestone is a geologic formation in Maryland.
Exceed, Galloper Innovation, Mitsubishi Galloper or Asia Galloper, is a mid-size SUV manufactured by the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai from 1991 to 2003.
The agency investigates aviation accidents and incidents.
He was succeeded by Florijan von Grafflieiden in 1720.
It operated 36 branches in the region, and was one of the largest local banks.
Jackson Nasoore Ole Sapit (born 12 June 1964) is a Kenyan Anglican bishop.
Valencia is the only genus in the family Valenciidae.
Unreal Tournament 2004, among many other games, uses this technique.
Circular letters of credit were in many ways similar to circular notes which were in turn a precursor to later traveler's checks.
The Sanremo Music Festival 1980 was the 30th annual Sanremo Music Festival, held at the Teatro Ariston in Sanremo, province of Imperia between 7 and 9 February 1980.
He was a left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Buckinghamshire.
As I'll Ever Be is the title of a recording by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither.
George Fulton (born 10 November 1977 in Birkenhead, Merseyside, United Kingdom) is a British-Pakistani television journalist and producer.
Along with Boke and Kuni, Darolebu became the new home for 3308 families.
The two moons of Mars, Deimos and Phobos, may be Amor asteroids that were captured by Mars' gravity.
An openly gay man and former amateur boxer he was elected on 5 May 2005, for the Labor Party, and defeated incumbent independent Mike Wolfe.
HiMAT (Highly Maneuverable Aircraft Technology) is an experimental remotely piloted aircraft that was produced for a NASA program to develop technologies for future fighter aircraft.
Duff is responsible for the management of the Administrative Office, which has approximately 1,000 employees, and for providing administrative support to 2,400 judicial officers, and nearly 29,000 court employees.
It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and lies within geographic Dysart Township.
In December 2012 he led a NERC-funded attempt to sample Lake Ellsworth using a purpose built clean hot-water drill and water-sampling/measuring probe.
On September 15, 2016, Palumbo was inducted into the Greater Cleveland Sports Hall of Fame.
After Chemical Corn merged with New York Trust, the "Corn" was dropped.
He is playing for foreign team Al-Qadisiyah in Saudi Professional League.
It was recorded at Ginger's 40th Birthday Bash live at The Marquee, London, 17 December 2004.
Their debut EP, Negatives, was released on GDC Records on July 29, 2016.
Kiamwangi is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province.
Espiens is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
The Indians offense scored 192 points while the defense allowed 353 points.
Janna Dominguez (born Jamie Ann Quisumbing Angeles on March 11, 1990), is a Filipina actress, host, and comedian who joined Pinoy Fear Factor as a Participante.
Superstars Series Monza round was the first round of the 2012 Superstars Series season.
The complete first season was released on home media on November 7, 2017.
Susan Seidelman (born December 11, 1952) is an American film director, producer and writer.
The son of professional musicians, he studied for several years at the Benedetto Marcello Music Conservatory.
Rhopalodon is an extinct genus of therapsids from the Permian of Russia.
Donnie is currently a golf instructor at Strawberry Farms Golf Course in Orange County, California.
Tennessee Titans running back Chris Johnson ran for 2,006 yards in 2009, averaging 5.6 yards per carry, and also recorded an NFL-record 2,509 yards from scrimmage.
Much was made of the fact that the sketches chosen were shown in their entirety.
The Oscar Wilde Bookshop was the first bookstore devoted to gay and lesbian authors.
It is located next to Leeds Bradford Airport.
A Dabble DB application can import data and export data in a variety of formats.
Cinema Mangalam is an Indian, Malayalam weekly magazine, published by Mangalam Publications.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 15, 2004.
The song was written by Al Dubin (lyrics) and Joe Burke (music) and made popular by guitarist Nick Lucas.
Episodes ran for thirty minutes each, with some exceptions: the 1971 special ran for sixty minutes, the 1975 special ran for forty minutes and the final episode of series 9 ran for thirty-five minutes.
It is an annual herb approaching half a meter in maximum height, its aromatic herbage coated in glandular and nonglandular hairs.
The Race community in Brighton and Hove was founded in 1990; four years later it moved to its present site on Davigdor Road, on the Brighton/Hove border.
Bruce McLaren, who had won the Lavant Cup, finished second in this race.
In 1962 he was captain-coach of Launceston.
The National Union of Civil and Public Servants (NUCPS) was a trade union in the United Kingdom.
Each coach guides their team of selected artists through the remainder of the season.
Bug Labs recently announced a new data sharing utility for the Internet of Things called dweet.io.
The present chair (2000 to date) is Anne Spalding, H.N. Spalding's granddaughter.
These are events in Japanese Television during the year of 2017.
The Iraq Assistance Group and the transition teams it supported played a pivotal role in the success of the coalition strategy in Iraq which has made possible the planned redeployment of all US forces in Iraq in accordance with the U.S.-Iraq Status of Forces Agreement.
Xavier's College is a private, co-educational college located in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
The center is an affiliated center to Evidence Based Clinical Practice Group in McMaster University, Canada.
It is named after the father of Malvern Council at the time of its opening, Councilor L. W. Holmes.
In Australia, both versions were issued, and both were minor chart hits.
The Longines Rankings measure a given horse's peak performance during the year, leading the Racing Post to suggest that 'World's Best Racehorse Performance' would be a more accurate title.
The American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR) is a professional, scientific and medical society established in 1977 to promote excellence in bone and mineral research and to facilitate the translation of that research into clinical practice.
It is set during the 2008 presidential election in the United States, and revolves around fictional Ohioan Senator Corey Grace and his quest to become the Republican presidential nominee.
The album also includes a cover of Elton John's "Country Comfort", which appeared on his 1970 album Tumbleweed Connection.
Burtsboro is an unincorporated community in Lumpkin County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Morgan DeBaun is an African American entrepreneur.
Bergman was the first to replace Mel Blanc as the voice of Bugs Bunny and several other Warner Bros. cartoon characters following Blanc's death in 1989.
Many Selakos are Christians, they are mostly Anglicans, Bornean Evangelicals and Roman Catholics following missionary work in the 19th century.
Gymnastics was inducted at the Youth Olympic Games at the inaugural edition in 2010.
He rowed with Arnold Cooke in the men's double sculls, finishing in seventh place.
Domain name front running is the practice whereby a domain name registrar uses insider information to register domains for the purpose of re-selling them or earning revenue via ads placed on the domain's landing page.
Nonetheless, they attended many official ceremonies and functions of state either along with or in place of the head of state.
Aurelia, is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa and originally transmitted by Telesistema Mexicano.
Like Cologne is a live EP release by American rock band, Queens of the Stone Age.
Many locals believe they were used to raise morray eels.
Other serious side effects include low immune system function, cataracts, muscle weakness, and mood changes.
Mazidpur is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh, India.
A large range of content discovery platforms currently exist for various forms of content ranging from news articles and academic journal articles to television.
In 2016, Roland V. Anglin, previously the senior advisor to the chancellor and director of the Joseph C. Cornwall Center for Metropolitan Studies at Rutgers University-Newark, was named Dean.
Fu Jin has been a critic of Chinese Theater, Critical Theory, and Modern Chinese theater study for many years.
Hymanson attended public schools in Yonkers, New York before earning a B.A. from Yale University and a M.D. from New York Medical College.
The corner stone was laid by Sir Mortimer Clarke, Lieutenant Governor of Ontario.
Morello Crime Family was one of the earliest crime families to be established in the United States and New York City.
Dev Dines was a co-founder and Life Member of the Canley Vale Junior Rugby League Football Club.
Kabali Vishwanth is an Indian film actor who has appeared in Tamil language films.
Chapple is Greens spokesperson for aboriginal issues, energy and climate change, local government, mines and petroleum, nuclear issues, pastoral issues, ports, racing and gaming, regional sustainability, state development and industry, and waste management.
Planning Areas are further subdivided into subzones for statistical purposes.
It was produced by Exodus Film Group and animated by Sparx Animation Studios.
For several years Corton had a static Camping coach in a siding.
Boise School District #1 is the second-oldest school system in Idaho.
Anthophora californica, the California anthophora, is a species of anthophorine bee in the family Apidae.
Union forces arrived in the evening and at 3 AM October 25 the Battle of Marais des Cygnes began.
Gray-Nicolls is an English sports equipment and apparel brand specializing in cricket owned by Grays International.
Slade in Flame is the first soundtrack album and fifth studio album by the British rock group Slade.
Tourist Train (Italian:Treno popolare) is a 1933 Italian comedy film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Marcello Spada, Lina Gennari and Carlo Petrangeli.
It was a facultatively mobile infaunal suspension feeder.
It was formed by damming the headwaters of a small river, Changi Creek, which empties into Sungei Changi and thence into the Serangoon Harbor.
Userplane was founded in 2001 by Mike Jones, Nate Thelen, and Javier Hall, in Santa Monica, California.
The Hill Radnor is a breed of domestic sheep originating in the United Kingdom.
It runs from the foot of the Court Street Bridge west and into Johnson City.
In 2011, she was voted by fans as one of the WNBA's Top 15 Players of All Time.
When We're Dead won the award for Best Film.
It was released in 1981 on Atlantic Records.
Thang is a Cambodian politician, Senator, Chairman of the Committee Interior and Defense of the Senate (term 2012-2018).
Crawfish Spring is a spring in Walker County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
In 1969, the ground held its first List-A match when Northamptonshire played Lancashire in the Player's County League.
T&M is a security, cyber, intelligence and investigative firm with a broad spectrum of risk mitigation and management offerings directed at banks, hedge funds and other financial service firms as well as law firms, academic institutions, Fortune 500 businesses and private clients.
The film documents the role of the convoys that brought troops, munitions and supplies to Great Britain during the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II.
The Andanis River, also known as the Ananis and Anamis, was a river known to Ancient Greece.
Lorane is an unincorporated community in Etna-Troy Township, Whitley County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The tournament was won by for the fifth time by South Korea.
The British Resort Inspection Agency (B.R.I.A) based in Northamptonshire surveys resorts, holiday homes and hotels throughout Great Britain.
The numbering scheme used covers freeways, primary (or A) roads, secondary (or B) roads, parochial roads and unclassified roads.
He probably died on 31 January 397.
They look rather like small houseflies, but commonly have conspicuous black-and-white patterning.
He is a winner of numerous trophies and accolades both in amateur and professional competition, and is one of the most popular sportsmen in Montenegro.
Shorea acuminata (also called Dark Red Meranti, Light Red Meranti, or sometimes Red Lauan) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.
According to a Greek tale, they were twin brothers who worked as stonemasons.
The event was used to help determine the Finnish team to the 2007 European Figure Skating Championships.
There are at least 50 described species in Plusiocampa.
Rob Ellis Show is one of only four breakfast shows in Capital network that has 3 presenters, alongside those in Scotland, Liverpool and North East.
Sophie developed increasing feelings for Sian and the pair then kiss.
The film was released on March 8, 1931, by Fox Film Corporation.
People must be at least 18 years of age to purchase or redeem TELC tickets; only cash can be used to purchase lottery tickets.
He has produced a number of films relating to the subjects as well as appearing in productions by other film makers relating to similar subject.
The music was arranged by Johnny Mandel and Russ Garcia and features Ben Webster and Mel Lewis among the personnel.
Albion is a sister city with Noisy-le-Roi, France.
The Final take place on 2 October 2010 in Miskolc, Hungary.
A week later, the German Battalion was in action at Assunpink Creek where a number of its troops were captured, including Haussegger.
He was the host of Avanti un Altro!
He is from Hyderabad, India, but was based in Sheffield, England during his snooker career.
The company also offers customer training and field services, such as on-site start-up and testing, customized maintenance, product upgrades, troubleshooting, and repair services.
They are the aboriginal people of Humboldt Bay, Mad River, and lower Eel River.
Complete Linux Installer functions only on rooted installations of Android.
Like barium chloride, it dissolves well in water and is toxic in aqueous solution.
It was originally conceived in 1884 and exhibited in 1889 in Georges Petit's gallery.
On February 17, 1973, Clay performed the song on Soul Train.
It is open to fillies, age three, willing to race one mile (beginning again in 2015) on the dirt.
The style indicates a certain irregularity in the design.
She then joined the firm of Schwartz, McJannet & Co. and became a partner in 1987.
The pathological findings consist of an abundance of ganglion cells in both dilated and narrow areas of the intestine.
The company is part of the Aker Group with Aker ASA owning 44.27% of the company.
In June 1988 they issued Straightedge Holocaust on Reactor Records and in March 1990, after some line-up changes, they released Sunday Afternoon BBQ's on Greasy Pop Records.
The habitat consists of open Brachystegia woodland at altitudes between 1,200 and 1,500 meters, as well as grass-topped low hill ranges.
Robin becomes obsessed with avenging his father by funding a private naval expedition to destroy the Spanish treasure convoy, an ambition he is careful to hide from others.
Repeats returned on 7 September 2013.
In Unix-like operating systems, /dev/random, /dev/urandom and /dev/arandom are special files that serve as pseudorandom number generators.
The term usually applies to people who do some combination of raising field crops, orchards, vineyards, poultry, or other livestock.
KLIF-FM is licensed by iBiquity to broadcast a digital HD Radio signal.
Angela Salloker (1913-2006) was an Austrian actress.
Miami Springs, FL (Curtiss & Bright), NRHP-listed Clune Building, 45 Curtiss Pkwy.
Original Tour is a London bus tour operator using open-top double-decker busses.
Oriol Paulo (born 1975 in Barcelona) is a Spanish screenwriter and director.
Magazine saw Ailee take greater creative control, co-writing four of the album's five songs, including the album's title track; Ailee also collaborated with long-time producer Kim Do Hoon and Korean rap twosome, Dynamic Duo.
Since 1838 Bond worked in British Museum and in 1878 he became a chief librarian.
Vidhya Mandhir Institute of Technology (VMIT) is an engineering college in Erode district, Tamil Nadu, India, that opened in 2011.
Pterostylis saxicola, commonly known as the Sydney plains rustyhood, or Sydney plains greenhood, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to New South Wales.
Jim then drives the kidnappers to the police station and secures a new position as the family's chauffeur.
The Ozell Tapes is a 2002 album by Marcus Miller.
By the end of the 1970s, Flowers had played bass on an estimated 500 hit recordings.
Lithuania competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Related products are grouped in product classes.
The population was 13,940 at the 2010 census, with an estimated population for 2015 of 14,826.In 2015 the city elected its first black mayor, Al Thurman.
According to the book Baseball Team Names, 1869-2012, they were named after safe-cracker James Yeggs, one of the most well-known inmates at a prison located in Adrian.
Diabolical Tales is a six-part, sci-fi/comedy short film series produced by Cosmic Control Productions.
This is a compilation of Sparta Prague women's team's results in official international competitions.
Its best-known presenters were Helen Chamberlain, who presented the show for 22 years, and Tim Lovejoy, who hosted from 1996 to 2007.
The Queen Mary Stakes is a Group 2 flat horse race in Great Britain open to two-year-old fillies.
It was established to act as the English Government's banker and is still one of the bankers for the Government of the United Kingdom.
Born in Keighley, West Riding of Yorkshire, he was educated at Malsis School in Cross Hills, Ermysted's Grammar School and Sedbergh School, he read English at St Peter's College, Oxford and graduated from Arts University Bournemouth.
Dhilip Subbarayan is an Indian stunt choreographer who has worked in Tamil language films.
Farabi Award winners become a member of Iran's National Elites Foundation.
Antonio Concepcion Delgado (December 21, 1917 - December 7, 1992) was a prominent industrialist and civic leader who was appointed Philippine Ambassador to the Vatican.
Premiering in September 2009, Hotel Rescue was the second Channel 4 series to star Ruth Watson, as part of her exclusive deal with the channel to front a number of series.
He was born on September 12, 1819 in Suffield, Connecticut.
The Galway Cup is an association football National Youth Tournament held annually in Galway, Ireland.
Select regular season and playoff games from around the league are broadcast on Estevan radio station CJSL.
Barry Andrews, a five-eight and prolific goal-kicker, played nine seasons with the Cronulla Sharks between 1971-1979 and is the fourth highest points scorer for the club.
The book focuses primarily on the work of Dudley Clarke in the Middle East, John Bevan in London, Newman Smith in Washington, and Peter Fleming in the Far East, detailing their work in creating strategic and tactical deceptions for the Allied forces.
As of late 2013, the organization encompasses the Demand Progress, Rootstrikers and Watchdog.net wings/brands.
State Highway Spur 63 or Spur 63 is a Texas state highway spur that runs from US 80 (Marshall Avenue) north to Spur 502 (Judson Road) in Longview.
Andrew William Scott Billen (born 30 December 1957) is a British journalist, children's author, and staff feature writer on The Times newspaper.
It contains the single species Campylopetalum siamense, which is endemic to northern Thailand.
Ittibittium houbricki is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.
As Confederate Lieutenant General Richard S. Ewell moved down the Shenandoah Valley in the direction of Pennsylvania, his corps defeated the Union Army garrison commanded by Major General Robert H. Milroy, capturing Winchester and numerous Union prisoners.
The play was a sex farce, but unlike most productions of its type, the setting was a hayloft instead of a bedroom.
I entered service in December 1958, the first British guided weapon to enter full operational service.
He made his first-class debut against Surrey on 21 May 2008, where his first wicket was that of prolific runscorer Mark Ramprakash.
By building real-time, synchronous collaboration into mobile infrastructure, people build on the Four C's: critical thinking, communications, collaboration, and creativity.
It was constructed on a grand scale, symbolizing its importance as the main terminus of the Jamaica railways.
Seo Dong-Won (born August 14, 1975) is a South Korean former football player.
Kinases should not be confused with phosphorylases, which catalyze the addition of inorganic phosphate groups to an acceptor, nor with phosphatases, which remove phosphate groups.
The duo released two studio albums, Nocturne of Exploded Crystal Chandelier (2010) and Soft Fall (2012), both with Dead Oceans.
In mammals, locomotor CPGs are organized in the lumbar and cervical segments of the spinal cord, and are used to control rhythmic muscle output in the arms and legs.
KEIS is an acronym for "Kanji processing Extended Information System".
The 1909 Men's World Weightlifting Championships were held in Vienna, Austria-Hungary from October 3 and December 2, 1909.
Because it is a Communist Party-led office with no formal legal mandate, it is sometimes described as an extralegal organization.
Jefferson is a city in Marion County in northeastern Texas, United States.
The title is a reference to the System of a Down album Toxicity, being a portmanteau of "Toxicity", and the word "Tuxedo".
It's the director's, writer's and producers' debut feature film.
It contains only one species, Palaeonema phyticum, and is the only member of the family Palaeonematidae.
The movie is loosely based on the 1954 Bengali movie Chapadangar Bou.
He made his professional debut at the age of 16 in front of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, and has subsequently made successful debuts with a number of important orchestras in Europe, Australasia and America.
The Amur-class submarine (named for the Amur River), is one of the latest Russian submarine designs.
Arkwright Engineering Scholarships are awarded to students throughout the United Kingdom, Channel Islands and a growing number of British Overseas Schools, who aspire to a career in engineering, computing and related areas of technical (as opposed to esthetic) design.
Omer Abdelqader (born October 1, 1983 in Doha, Qatar) is a professional basketball player.
Both titles became extinct on the death of the second Earl in 1677.
Together, they cause mischief among their family, as well as with the wide array of students at Elmore Junior High.
In the United States, he guest starred in episodes of Murder, She Wrote and The Marshal.
Wasco County is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The line-up of the band was Ken Scott (vocals and guitar), Rocco Barker (guitar), Nick Nicole (synth), Darren Murphy (bass) and Andy Scott (drums).
It has more than 38,000 employees at 96 sites in 23 countries.
The elections, based on universal suffrage and proportional representation, was the first free election in the country's history.
By the turn of the twentieth century, Lyles Station had fifty-five homes, with a population of more than 800 people.
It is found in the Alay Mountains in central Asia.
Sidlesham is an electoral ward of Chichester District, West Sussex, England and returns one member to sit on Chichester District Council.
Egumadurai is a village in the Tiruvallur district of Tamil Nadu, India.
A fly ball pitcher is a type of baseball pitcher who produces an above-average number of fly balls, typically by keeping his fastball high up in the strike zone and relying on late movement to cause the batter to be unable to make solid contact.
In 1707-08, members of the 1702-1707 Parliament of Scotland were co-opted to serve in the first Parliament of Great Britain.
Sabha Airbase (also called Tamanhent Airbase) is a Libyan Air Force base southeast of Sabha, Libya.
The song "Crutch" was omitted from the download version in order to be included as a bonus track on a Japanese release at a later date.
Despoina Metaxia Georgiadou is a Greek saber fencer.
The Rothschild family is a European family of German Jewish origin that established European banking and finance houses from the late eighteenth century.
Rice School is a part of a collaboration between Houston ISD and Rice University.
An innovator and entrepreneur, Sidney Topol was a contributor to several key developments in the telecommunications industries in the latter half of the twentieth century.
She placed fourth at the Heiko Fischer Cup among Junior Ladies in 1998, and retired from competition in 2001 after a 23rd place finish at the German Figure Skating Championships.
DMP Organization later acquired the rights to Muzzy and translated it into other languages (see below).
Ydby station is a railway station serving the village of Ydby in Thy, Denmark.
Porter-King moved to Hawaii in 1989 after her marriage and helped found the Hawaii State Junior Golf Association.
If welcoming signposts are taken to represent the limits of the village, Strathy is contained in these areas.
Riggs was a collector of photographs, but needed more for his novel.
It lives close to the Marshall's Fig Parrot.
It is recognized as the orienteering association for Croatia by the International Orienteering Federation, of which it is a member.
It comes under Vizianagaram (Lok Sabha constituency) along with 6 other Assembly constituencies.
The term Nakota (or Nakoda or also Nakona) is the endonym used by those native peoples of North America who usually go by the name of Assiniboine (or Hohe), in the United States, and of Stoney, in Canada.
It produces pits in the weathered material, resembling a honeycombed structure.
The name comes from the Scots word for "faithful," which in the phrase laund o the leal means Heaven.
Leslie Minter was an English-born football player.
While many of his teammates went on to play One Day International cricket for Zimbabwe, Bentley instead moved to South Africa and joined Natal.
Some species formerly placed with them are nowadays considered more distinct (see below for details).
Aulospora is a genus of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes.
Who stories The King's Demons, Warriors of the Deep, Vengeance on Varos and The Mark of the Rani.
Scott Litt (born c.1954) is an American record producer who mostly works with artists in the alternative rock genre and is best known for producing six R.E.M. albums during the band's most successful period.
Paul and Wackerman did, however, leave the band after the 2001 release of their split album Friends & Family, Vol. 2.
It was first known as Feldman until 1912, named for an early settler.
It debuted on January 9, 2008.
Frank made his debut on September 20, 1962 and would play his final MLB game on May 12, 1969.Kreutzer's best career outing came on July 2, 1965, where he threw a three-hit, 10-strikeout shutout against the Detroit Tigers while hitting a two-run home run of his own.
The current and founding director of the Foundation is Dr. S. Allen Counter, who leads an administrative coordinator, a programming fellow, and a team of student interns.
The start of the 20th century mining town of Candle is found on its western bank at the confluence of Candle Creek.
The Wesleyan Methodist chapel was built in 1840 and was the childhood church of Margaret Thatcher, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
In 2010 they released their debut album, Atrocities, and in 2016 followed with The Cold Expanse.
Protolophotus is an extinct genus of crestfishes, family Lophotidae.
The General was a BBC fly-on-the-wall Television series hosted by Yvette Fielding, Chris Serle and Heather Mills.
Following are lists of Australian representative, State representative and other notable players who have played first grade rugby league for the South Sydney Rabbitohs Rugby League Football Club.
The second Baronet assumed in 1947 by deed poll the additional surname of Lynch.
The program has seen a number of line-up changes since it began in the 1984.
He was the son of Il-Arslan.
The Contemporary Austin Jones Center, formerly known as the AMOA-Arthouse at The Jones Center, is one of two sites of The Contemporary Austin.
It was named Highpoint on account of its lofty elevation.
Its seat is in Mumbai.
During his time as mayor, Clark achieved success for the town in a variety of ways, perhaps most notable is the cleanup project of Glace Bay's sewage area, spearheading the development of Renwick Brook.
Local governments (such as counties and cities) within each commission's geographic area are members of each commission.
He was selected by the Seattle Seahawks in the fifth round of the 2013 NFL Draft, and was a member of the Seahawks' Super Bowl XLVIII championship team.
Kiss & Tell was preceded by the lead single "Falling Down", which was released in August 2009.
She represented her country at the 2004 Summer Olympics finishing 27th.
The 1989 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Tournament was the 19th annual Division I NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament.
NTN&M currently offers audio transcriptions of over 200 individual publications and distributes over two million audio cassettes annually.
Like the original American series, each week the chef contestants compete against each other in culinary challenges.
Their number was restricted to twenty besides the Grand Master; the office whereof was attached to himself and his successors.
Spectacular! is the debut studio album by indie pop band Bearsuit.
Following the tour, the band took a one-year hiatus from touring, apart from a brief performance at the 1985 Live Aid concert in Philadelphia.
The Indore Duronto Express is a superfast express train of the Indian Railways connecting Mumbai Central (MMCT) to Indore (INDB).
She then sold programs in theaters in London's West End.
Calathus syriacus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found on Cyprus, in Ukraine and in southern part of Russia.
Instead the Bombsight in Firepower is fixed but it is functional.
Premedication is using medication before some other therapy (usually surgery or chemotherapy) to prepare for that forthcoming therapy.
"I'll Be Doggone" gave Marvin his third top-ten pop hit, where it peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100, with that number matched by his follow-up record, "Ain't That Peculiar".
In collaboration with the Janesville Transit System, BTS operates an express route between the two cities.
The show revolved around the main character of Cal "Kodiak" McKay (played by Clint Walker), an Alaska State Trooper.
Pell came through the youth system at Charlton Athletic where he spent 12 years.
The game features over one hundred historical aircraft and helicopters, and over thirty different locations in time periods ranging from the 1908 to the distant future.
Since Lactagen was a natural dietary supplement, it was not regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
It is known from the United States (Florida, south to Key Largo, and from Louisiana to north-western Arkansas), Brazil (Federal District), Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Jamaica and Mexico (Tamaulipas).
He was appointed the Chair of Judges for the 2015 Green Carnation Prize.
Nedim Remili (born 18 July 1995) is a French handball player for Paris Saint-Germain and the French national team.
Wings on Her Shoulder is a 10-minute 1943 Canadian documentary film, made by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as part of the NFB's The World in Action series.
Buffalo or Buffalo Club is a drinking game where participants must chug their drink if they drink with their dominant hand.
It is often referred to as a "horny toad" due to its wide body and blunt snout, but it is not a toad.
In 2014, NME included the album in its list of "30 Glorious Britpop Albums That Deserve a Reissue Pronto."
Today the boundaries between these terms are free flowing.
All standard games start in the year 2001, with the player taking control of their nation.
He was the first Indian golfer to break into the top 100 of the Official World Golf Ranking in October 2006.
These include the Australian Government's Renewable Energy Target, which require electricity retailers to source a proportion of energy from renewable sources, incentives from the South Australian Government including a supportive regulatory regime and a payroll tax rebate scheme for large scale renewable energy developments.
Most of the region's coastline is now part of either Sinkyone Wilderness State Park or King Range National Conservation Area.
He also played the role of Dennis in Rock of Ages on Broadway in 2012 and on tour.
He coached offensive line one season at Copiah-Lincoln Community College before becoming offensive line coach at Mississippi College from 2000-2001.
Similarly, a knowledge model of a process is basically a specification of the sequence of process stages.
The Fairey Flycatcher was a British single-seat biplane carrier-borne fighter aircraft made by Fairey Aviation Company which served in the period of 1923 to 1934.
Jazz Week at Wayne, one result of this collaboration, is a one-week workshop that provides forty high school students with an intensive and rewarding jazz education.
At the same time, a Marcus Annius Messala has been attested as suffect consul in 83, who may be the person mentioned in the African inscription.
Pelly is best known for founding the global design consultancy DesignworksUSA.
With the relaxation of the licensing laws, like many similar clubs in London, it ceased to exist, but Ben Bickley, an old boy of Christs Hospital, continues to run the Club as a Cricket Club, under the presidency of the famous MCC member John Fingleton, and assisted by a number of cricketers who do not believe league cricket to be the be all and end all of cricket.
Jackson Central-Merry was once the largest high school in West Tennessee outside Memphis.
Linsley was educated at Bridlington School and Lichfield Theological College; and ordained in 1930.
This weapon derives from the upper Congo region and was used as a brutal weapon in battle.
"Just Between You and Me" became April Wine's most successful single, reaching #21 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, #11 on Billboard's Top Tracks chart, and #22 on the Canadian RPM charts.
The boundaries of fantasy television often overlap with science fiction and horror.
It supplied many major projects in Queensland.
The Swan is an historic former Grade II* Elizabethan coaching inn in Tetsworth built about 1600 CE with 17th-century and 18th-century additions.
It features programming from Fox News Radio and Fox Sports Radio.
Ivy eventually left Seed and signed to Atlantic Records to record their second album Apartment Life, released in October 1997.
He then competed in the Continental style contest, placing 16th at 155 points.
Calgary Foothills FC (CFFC) is a Canadian soccer club based in Calgary, Alberta, that competes in the Premier Development League.
Neonauclea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.
The only issue which the Qur'an mentions is the one of washing one's hands (verse 5:6).
It is the only genus under subfamily Raphiinae.
It was announced on November 5, 2008 in Artforum that due to business differences, Rivington Arms would be closing its location in January 2009 after they attended the Frieze Art Fair in London.
It was originally released for the PlayStation 2, GameCube and Xbox on December 22, 2004.
It consisted of twenty-two episodes, beginning with the episode "Auctioning for Dummies" and ending with the episode "Super Bros. Shuffle".
In 2010 the track hosted many special events, including the OVSCA (Ohio Valley Sprint Car Association) sanctioned "Summer Sizzler", and the Southern Ohio Flat Track Championships, featuring flat track motorcycles and quads, and Enduro races.
Committed Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Ireland open to thoroughbreds aged three years only.
The fleet consists of more than 500 ground ambulances operating from 183 stations across the province along with 80 support vehicles.
There are about 14 described species in Orthogonis.
Lynn Hopkins (birth unknown) is a Welsh former professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 1980s.
Mild cases are self-limiting, but severe cases have a high risk of death.
A Bugged Out Mix.
The race was held on 30 August 1986.
He is an Indiana Pacers fan.
This made it the first time that Georgia had voted Democratic since 1980, when it voted for Jimmy Carter, who was the former Governor.
It carries Gordale Beck over a limestone outcrop topped by tufa into a deep pool below.
Young Bangla is a special initiative launched by Bangladeshi Government in 2014.
Morrison studied music at Cambridge University.
It has a population of 1,783.
The community was named after Thomas Devine, a railroad official.
This plant is endemic to Kohala, a volcano at the northern end of the island of Hawaii.
Geneforge is the first video game in the Geneforge series of role-playing video games created by Spiderweb Software.
There are about six described species in Graptocorixa.
A total of 17 CONCACAF teams entered the competition.
Sierra High School is a high school in Manteca, California, opened in August 1994.
David Orr (born 1974) is an American journalist, attorney, and poet who is noted for his reviews and essays on poetry.
Rishi Valley is a two and a half-hour drive from Bangalore and five hours from Chennai.
He has deployed six times, including Iraq and Afghanistan.
Introduced in 1996's A Game of Thrones, Viserys (along with his younger sister, Daenerys) is one of the last confirmed members of House Targaryen who, until fifteen years before the events of the first novel, ruled on the Iron Throne for nearly three hundred years.
Charcoal Charlie, is an album by Pablove Black originally released in 1986.
The Table Point Formation is a geologic formation in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Agnia Grigas (born November 21, 1979) is an American political scientist and author writing on security and energy issues of Russia, Europe, and the Post-Soviet states.
Mesosa pieli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was based in Aktogay.
The quartet formed in the Boston area and was discovered by manager Bill Aucoin, who also managed Kiss.
The Master Skier became The Master Skier Annual Ski Journal in 2009.
International Roll Ball Federation is an international sports body for the sport Roll Ball.
Osaikhwuwuomwan is a former member of the Dutch national basketball team.
The cast included Sheila Hancock.
Originally known as Dynamic Airways, the company added International to its official name to reflect its transition from a charter airline into scheduled international services.
John J. Strauss (born 1957), is an American producer and writer of film and television.
Michael 'Mike' Hulme (born 23 July 1960) is Professor of Human Geography in the Department of Geography at the University of Cambridge.
Although patients exhibiting these symptoms have been identified as early as 1914, this disorder had not been studied extensively until recently.
This interpretation was not accepted by other pterosaur researchers; Chris Bennett, for example, pointed to evidence also noted by the original authors that the ends of long bones in the fossil were not completely ossified (turned to solid bone rather than cartilage) and had not yet developed a complex structure, which indicates the specimen was immature when it died.
It has had numerous headmasters over the course of its life, including Mrs. Allison Moise-Dixon, the first female headteacher at the Academy.
It broadcasts a sports format and features programming from ESPN Radio.
Streptomyces polyantibioticus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from a riverbank from the Umgeni River from the KwaZulu-Natal Province in South Africa.
Aicha Alicia McKenzie (born February, 1977) is a former British gymnast, model and dancer who is also the CEO of AMCK Management, which founded AMCKDANCE in 2005 and AMCKMODELS in 2008.
She succeeded Adam Cwejman as chairperson after the 2012 Liberal Youth of Sweden congress in Uppsala.
In the final stage, he alternated between digging into the trenches at Petersburg and fleeing westward across Virginia.
Waverley or Siberia is a ghost town located between Kalgoorlie and Leonora.
Following the death of founder Philip Carter in a helicopter accident on 2 May 2007, the company's shares were suspended on 3 October due to the uncertainty of its financial position.
He was involved in Cedar Fair for 39 years.
The game is structured around a fictional game show emceed by Cookie Masterson (voiced by Tom Gottlieb), in which the players answer ten multiple-choice questions, and then compete in a final "Jack Attack" round.
The season began on April 9 in Long Beach and ended on October 8 at Toyota Speedway at Irwindale.
The Blue Ridge Scenic Railway is a heritage railroad in northern Georgia.
Katharine Jean Baillieu (born 7 January 1946) is an Australian former journalist.
This was a project in which over 35 top artists of the nation came together to sing or play the national anthem.
Penehupifo 'Penny' Pohamba is a Namibian educator and politician who was the second First Lady of Namibia while her husband, Hifikepunye Pohamba, was President of Namibia from 2005 to 2015.
Dell Creek is a warm water sport fishery for the lower 1.5 miles and a Class II trout stream for the upper 10.5 miles of its length.
The Jones Sewing Machine Company was a British manufacturer of sewing machines founded in 1860 by William Jones and Thomas Chadwick under the name Chadwick and Jones that later become known as the Jones Sewing Machine Company.
Kneeland is an unincorporated community located in the town of Raymond, Racine County, Wisconsin, United States.
Criminal conversion: Embezzlement is a crime against ownership, that is, voiding the right of the owner to control the disposition and use of the property entrusted to the embezzler.
In Relational Database Design, in some cases the existence of one kind of relationship type precludes the existence of another.
Beginning in 2003 the Sorbara Group converted it to loft style condominiums.
The senior year, they advanced to the regional final, losing to Kentucky and Adolph Rupp, a season in which Oliver was team captain.
The Diamond Apartments are an apartment building located at 321 Diamond St. in Redondo Beach, California.
He is also the former public education columnist for the Vancouver Province newspaper.
This constituency is located in the Latur district.
Hellride is an American music group formed in the 1990s by guitarist Peter DiStefano, bassist Mike Watt, and drummer Stephen Perkins.
It was founded on 26 March 1988 at a conference in Aberystwyth.
Both parts contain visually graphic elements.
Led by head coach Bob Devaney, the Cowboys finished the season with eight wins and two losses.
In 1988 to 1996 he was Head Coach of Rugby at the Australian Institute for Sport in Canberra, before moving to Canada.
As publisher, Faulds appointed numerous successful editors including Mickey McMonagle, now Features Editor at Sunday Mail, Lesley Wright who later edited DJ Mag and Iain Thomson who now runs Essential Ibiza.
The resulting scar tissue later atrophies, reducing the size of the prostate which in turn reduces the constriction of the urethra.
Origin recognition complex subunit 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ORC1 gene.
During the Gallic siege of Rome in 390 (or 387) BC, the account of which became partly mythologized, Marcus Manlius held out for months with a small garrison on the citadel (arx), while the rest of Rome was abandoned.
Subsequent issues had additional puzzles with gags about the group, and were widely reprinted by the bulletins of other Mensa groups, before the concept of a low IQ group gained wider circulation in the 1970s, with other people creating quizzes, etc.
Released on 14 September 2015, the album was self-produced and self-released by the band exclusively via their Bandcamp page and a limited run of compact disks.
Circles, regular polygons and regular polyhedra, and spheres may be concentric to one another (sharing the same center point), as may cylinders (sharing the same central axis).
Maru went on to appear in five one-day matches for the Hampshire Cricket Board in the NatWest Trophy competition and in the first season when that competition was renamed the Cheltenham and Gloucester Trophy.
A parish was established in Blanco in 1900 with St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church being the mother church for many missions.
The series is directed by Fahim Burney and produced by Hammad Abbas .
William "Bill" Heseltine was a three-time Australian cycling champion who while competing for Australia, won the 10 mile scratch on the track at the 1950 British Empire Games (now Commonwealth Games) in New Zealand.
It was released on December 14, 2006.
The police force was established by the Londonderry Improvement Act 1848 and were governed by the Londonderry Corporation.
It is best known, as the name states, for serving chicken and waffles, both together and separately, although they do offer more traditional menu items as well.
"Providence" originally aired on ABC on April 15, 2014, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 5.52 million viewers.
Pradeep Kottayam is an Indian film actor who primarily works in Malayalam films.
The drama tells the story of the turbulent times during the Civil War that created the state of West Virginia.
Debbie J. Johnson (born October 1, 1957) is a Minnesota, United States, politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 49, which includes portions of Anoka County in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
The 1983 NCAA Division I-AA football rankings are from the NCAA Division I-AA football committee.
Henry Thomas Head of Parnell in Auckland stood as an "independent returned soldiers" candidate.
The 2009 Western Australian daylight savings referendum was held on 16 May 2009 in the Australian state of Western Australia to decide if daylight saving time should be adopted.
The Heroes of Karn is a 1983 adventure game written by Ian Gray.
Wallpapers can come plain as "lining paper" (so that it can be painted or used to help cover uneven surfaces and minor wall defects thus giving a better surface), textured (such as Anaglypta), with a regular repeating pattern design, or, much less commonly today, with a single non-repeating large design carried over a set of sheets.
Banno is a Japanese surname.
Evidence of the influence of alcohol is strongly disputed.
Dolichopus longicornis is a species of flies in the family Dolichopodidae.
It was originally set at the site of the current Thogoto Teachers College, but due to its proximity to another PCEA boys' school, Alliance Boys' High School, it was moved to Thika.
The novel has been seen as one of Nwapa's more controversial works for its focus on Idu's reliance on her husband.
The adult bugs are known as sakandry, and are consumed by the rural people of Madagascar.
The pottery factory closed in 1989.
The song "Let Da Monkey Out" was featured in the 2005 film Syriana.
It is located in the hills east of Oakland.
Benti Chaupai (also referred to as Chaupai Sahib) is a hymn by Guru Gobind Singh.
Tamil Nadu and Telangana (written in the Telugu script).
Avery Street Historic District, is a national historic district located at Parkersburg, Wood County, West Virginia.
The ancient duckpond in Manor Farm and the neighboring St Batholomew's Church are mentioned in the Domesday book.
A Thief was a four-piece rock band from Cork, Ireland formed in 2007.
Some of the genera have recently been sunk into others, while other genera have recently been divided.
A Long March 4C rocket blasted off from the Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center in Shanxi but failed to insert its payload, the Gaofen-10 satellite, into its designated orbit.
He is married to Joy Butoyi Buconyori, who was the former Coordinator of Child Care International in Nairobi, Kenya.
Tia or Tiya was an Ancient Egyptian princess during the 19th dynasty.
It anchors the north side of Steve Polk Plaza, which contains the old World of Coca-Cola building at its south side and an entrance to Underground Atlanta, via a tunnel under Central Avenue, on its west side.
The women's 800 meter freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 1979 Pan American Games took place on 8 July at the Piscina Olimpica Del Escambron.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 8, 1992.
The trophy is named after Irish Republican activist and founder of the Irish National Land League, Michael Davitt.
The Weller UW-9 Sprint is a German ultralight aircraft designed and produced by Weller Flugzeugbau of Bibersfeld.
Mick (the 2015 world rules champion ) met Jack Whelan (the 2015 blackball world champion) in the final.
The show was a television debut for Himansh Kohli and one and only youth centric show of 4 Lions Films.
Dependency relationships between layers are often either inheritance, composition or aggregation relationships, but other kinds of dependencies can also be used.
Art of the Olympians (AOTO) is an organization and program of Olympian and Paralympian artists that promotes the Olympic ideals of values, integrity, character, respect, honor, and work ethic through exhibitions and educational programs.
Decorative work, such as carvings and statuary, is ongoing as of 2011.
Changes to this system are controlled by GConfd, a daemon.
At the time of its statutory introduction, the Executive Entity was considered the first of its type in the world.
This is referred to as suicide contagion.
Southbound the train departed Glasgow Central 10:50 and Edinburgh Waverley 10:44 and arrived at Brighton 20:20.
The fort was built under the direction of Colonel Antes, who was a member of the Pennsylvania militia.
Coffee Creek is a stream in Porter County, Indiana, in the United States.
She represented Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi and at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
The demand for coal analyzers has been highest in the US, due to the need to control sulfur as mandated by the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977.
Although early assertions of being British date from the Late Middle Ages, the creation of the united Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 triggered a sense of British national identity.
This species is a predatory carnivore.
The Monson Baronetcy, of Carleton in the County of Lincoln, was created on 29 June 1611 for Thomas Monson.
The Dresdner Kammerchor (Dresden Chamber Choir) is a mixed chamber choir which was founded in 1985 by Hans-Christoph Rademann in Dresden and is still conducted by him.
The main competition is usually held in the Young Theater of the city on August 11.
It was the inaugural edition of the tournament.
It is the second largest mid to premium retailer for women's casual and formal wear in China.
During his career at CBS, he guided the careers of Michael Jackson, Billy Joel, Earth, Wind & Fire, Cyndi Lauper, Bruce Springsteen, Barbra Streisand, "Weird Al" Yankovic, Gloria Estefan, and a host of other well-known artists.
It is located in Hamilton, New York, and broadcasts a wide variety of music to the central New York region.
As Munroidendron racemosum, the species was until recently considered to be the only species in the monotypic genus Munroidendron.
Such equally acceptable or behavioral models are therefore called equifinal.
The following is a summary of the Hubro Music albums.
Panicum mosaic virus (PMV) is a positive-sense single-stranded RNA viral pathogen that infects plant species in the Panicoid tribe of the grass family Poaceae.
It was formed on January 1, 2001 through the amalgamation of the former Township of Adelaide and the Township of Metcalfe.
The toy shoots lightweight plastic disks roughly the size of a penny.
Hesychotypa miniata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Vasco Da Gama (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is one of the 40 Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) constituencies of Goa state in South India.
The National's fifth studio album, High Violet (2010), reached the top ten of a dozen national charts, including peaks of number three in the United States and number five in the United Kingdom.
It can suffer from deforestation and is sometimes harvested for consumption.
Iain Malone Luke (born 8 October 1951, Dundee) is a former Labor Party politician and former Member of Parliament for Dundee East from 2001 until being unseated at the 2005 general election by Stewart Hosie of the SNP.
Exploring the theme of psychosis, the game was a commercial and critical success.
A special preview aired on December 11, 2017.
It was released on February 16, 2005.
Headstrong features one single in "Adriana," which reached #15 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and had a music video.
The process started as a short play that would be put on for the student body and the community.
Pallion is the result of the merger of the ABC Bullion and Palloys Group of companies founded in 1972 and 1951 respectively.
It served primarily in the Pacific Ocean theater of World War II.
He earned his pilot wings in 1986 as a distinguished graduate from Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas.
Programming on the channels is produced with the assistance of volunteers and community partners and associations, who assist, with the production and content of these programs.
It is named in honor of mycologist Orson K. Miller.
Rarely used now they are commonly shown on old pictures and drawings.
Kirko Bangz announced the EP's release on January 6 and that it would be followed by a tour.
Her songs include "All I Wanna Do", "If It Makes You Happy" and "My Favorite Mistake".
Attempts to move the cantilever stand to Glanford Park proved impractical, and it was demolished along with the rest of the old stadium.
Qualls is a former associate editor of Performing Arts journal, an academic publication for which he also authored many articles over the course of several decades.
Yaad Kisi Ki Aati Hai is a 1967 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra and Mala Sinha in a double role, Abhibhattacharya and M. Rajan.
The Berlin Philharmonic (German: Berliner Philharmoniker) is a German orchestra based in Berlin.
Established in 1979, the first XV currently plays in Midlands 4 East (North) following their promotion as champions of Midlands 5 East (South) at the end of the 2017-18 season.
With his wife Nancy Aiken-Vanier, they own and breed racehorses on their Fairberry Farm in Waterloo, Illinois.
Doru Shahabad (also written as Dooru Shahabad or only Doru) is a town and a notified area committee in Anantnag district of the Indian state of Jammu & Kashmir.
The first plantar metatarsal artery (arteria princeps hallucis) springs from the junction between the lateral plantar and deep plantar arteries and sends a digital branch to the medial side of the first toe.
Charles William Hanko (August 3, 1920 - December 7, 1990) was an American historian and politician.
Various models of the LeapPad have been developed since 1999.
Yeongdeok County (Yeongdeok-gun) is a county in North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.
She has lived in Minnesota, but now resides near Chicago.
WSUV-LP was a Religious formatted broadcast radio station formerly licensed to Susan, Virginia, serving Southeastern Mathews County, Virginia.
Other subcultures that have had an influence on Custom Culture are the Skinheads, mods and rockers of the 1960s, the punk rockers of the 1970s, the metal and rockabilly music, along with the scooterboys of the 1980s, and psychobilly of the 1990s.
He is the cousin of 24 co-creator Joel Surnow He was then a professor at Foothill College in Los Altos Hills, California, teaching computer science courses online.
At this time, it also integrated with the National Autonomous University of Mexico, eventually becoming the Faculty of Arts and Design, which is based in Xochimilco.
The Interdynamic MP-9 is a blowback-operated, fully automatic 9 mm caliber firearm, classified by BATF as a submachine gun.
Theatre Royal, aka Lilli Palmer Theater is an Anglo/American half-hour television anthology series hosted by Lilli Palmer.
The list of ship decommissionings in 1919 includes a chronological list of all ships decommissioned in 1919.
The federal government of the United States empowers a wide range of law enforcement agencies to maintain law and public order related to matters affecting the country as a whole.
It's available through Goner Records mail order.
Just after midnight on 12 May, the Liberal Democrats emerged from a meeting of their Parliamentary party and Federal Executive to announce that the coalition deal had been "approved overwhelmingly", sealing a coalition government of Conservatives and Liberal Democrats.
The multiple Ter sites in the chromosome are oriented such that the two oppositely moving replication forks are both stalled in the desired termination region.
However, he completed all five of those passes for 75 yards and a touchdown, leaving him with the highest career passer rating in league history, albeit in a very small sample size.
Jesus is a Junkie, and Where is Che Guevara?.
The leader in this installment, Ezekial, is possessed by the enigmatic main antagonist, "He Who Walks Behind the Rows".
He won a Dove Award for Youth/Children's Musical of the Year in 2001 for Friends 4ever along with Karla Worley, Steven V. Taylor, Peter Kipley and Michael W. Smith; Word Music.
A self-taught artist who resumed painting in 1991, he first exhibited his oils at Bombay's Jehangir Art Gallery in May 1994.
The memorial is classified as a public monument and as such is subject to protection in terms of heritage legislation administered by Heritage Western Cape the provincial heritage resources authority of the Western Cape Province.
Danusorn Puisangjan is a professional footballer from Thailand who plays for PTT Rayong in the Thai Division 1 League.
The series ran for three seasons of 60 episodes and one concert special.
The show was hosted by Jimmy Fallon at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City.
The arena has five curling sheets and 1,000 seating capacity.
Such networks may be strictly combinational logic, in which their output state is only a function of the present state of their inputs; or may also contain sequential elements, where the present state depends on the present state and past states; in that sense, sequential circuits are said to include "memory" of past states.
White can also play 8.Nb3, protecting the pawn.
Bobdownsite is unique because it is the first known naturally forming phosphate to contain a P-F bond.
It is adjacent to the Watts Station, which historically served the Watts, Long Beach, and San Pedro lines of the Pacific Electric Railway.
Psychiatric practitioners in the Czech Republic have defended the use of the beds, calling them the best way to restrain patients who could harm themselves or others.
However, this attracts the real club called "Hell's Satans" to crash at their house.
Chiasmocleis carvalhoi is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
Weinblatt's first assignment was for Philip Morris, who wanted to discern the most unobtrusive place to locate the Surgeon General's warning on the dangers of smoking, only to discover that it was largely ignored by smokers, regardless of where it was placed.
Its seat is Kota Pinang.
Lupinus lepidus, the Pacific lupine, prairie lupine or dwarf lupine is a perennial herbaceous plant in the pea family (Fabaceae) endemic to western North America.
It has undergone numerous revisions for various platforms (including Windows, Macintosh, Amiga, Atari ST, Super NES, Sega Saturn, PlayStation and N-Gage) and now exists in several versions.
An Easter Drama is a liturgical drama or religious theatrical performance in the Roman Catholic tradition, largely limited to the Middle Ages.
He studied at the Accademia di San Luca in Rome.
Led exclusively by airplay, it entered the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number fifty-seven the week of March 3, 2007, subsequently reaching number thirty-two.
Following her return to the United States on 15 April, Pensacola carried passengers and cargo to bases in the Caribbean.
It was the first season to be hosted by Shane Bourne, following the decision of former host Daniel MacPherson not to return to the role, instead focusing on his acting career.
A Camp is the self-titled debut album by A Camp, the side project of Nina Persson, vocalist for the popular Swedish indie/pop band The Cardigans.
He currently attends the University of Georgia, where he plays for the Georgia Bulldogs football team.
Mohammad Aslam (born 28 August 1975 in Karachi) is an Pakistan-born Omani cricketer.
Quicksilver won the Arthur C. Clarke Award and was nominated for the Locus Award in 2004.
When Byrne announced his intention to retire in 2004, Costa was named as his successor.
Cabello has performed "Havana" in several live appearances, including at the 2017 MTV Europe Music Awards, 2018 iHeartRadio Music Awards, and 2018 Billboard Music Awards.
Evans is most notable as pastor of the then Paradise Community Church (now Influencers Church) for 30 years and co-founding the conservative Family First Party.
The newspaper was founded in 1948 by Ruperto Villareal Montemayor.
It was located at 1609 South Lake Lotela Drive, on the shores of Lake Lotela.
The mood varies greatly from earnest advice through comedy to bitter anger.
Chard Hayward (Roy Hayward, born 1949), is an Australian television actor, director and producer, born in Wales, he is best known for his long-running role of camp barman Dudley Butterfield in the 1970s television soap opera Number 96.
An-Magritt (Ullmann) grows up in a Norwegian mining town.
The election used eight district electoral areas to elect a total of 51 councilors.
Each year teams of students work to produce code capable to performing in a game which can be deployed on the SPHERES.
The song went for adds on R&R's alternative rock chart in November 2005.
Karayiannis also protested that the Government of the Republic of Cyprus was undertaking offensive initiatives without counsel with the government of Greece, despite prior agreements.
The community was named after the local Shrout family (a transcription error accounts for the error in spelling, which was never corrected).
Jeffrey Steiner was the company's CEO until his resignation in October 2008; he died a month later.
On June 9, 2014, Women's World Broadcasting announced it would turn over operation of country music "South 107" to Cox Media Group via an LMA.
It has published well-known authors and award-winning work including stories reprinted in The Best American Short Stories series and poems later included in The Best American Poetry series.
Because of their high isolation of the input and reflected optical powers and their low insertion loss, optical circulators are widely used in advanced communication systems and fiber-optic sensor applications.
It was co-written by Young, Tayo Onile-Ere and Blair MacKichan.
Bolabiu was selected as a match official for the 2016 Summer Olympics.
After the Ball is a 2015 Canadian romantic comedy-drama film directed by Sean Garrity.
In 2006, the control of the show was given over to X-Play, which made it a pure viewer's choice show hosted by Adam Sessler and Morgan Webb.
Bloody Mountain is located in the Sierra Nevada 1 mile South East of Mammoth Lakes (Mono County) in eastern California in the southwestern United States.
At Mount Zoomer, the second full length LP from the Canadian indie rock band Wolf Parade, was released on June 17, 2008.
Its interior is decorated with monuments.
Metro Hall is a 27-storey Postmodern office tower at the corner of Wellington and John Streets in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Like modern corals (Scleractinia), rugose corals were invariably benthic, living on the sea floor or in a reef-framework.
The Entercom outlet broadcasts at 98.7 MHz and uses the slogan "We Play Everything!"
It flows into the Orpe in Marsberg-Canstein.
An urtak survey could be created by any individual for his or her community.
Little Hollywood is a small neighborhood in the southeastern edge of San Francisco.
Gray Hofmeyr (born 6 February 1949 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a South African film and television director.
It was recorded in June 1987 and features performances by Tyner with Avery Sharpe and Louis Hayes.
IPBC is a member of the carbamate family of biocides.
Belgium participated in the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore.
On December 18, 1989, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
However, he did not play any form of cricket since 2015.
He was inducted as a member of the state executive committee of Tripura Pradesh BJP on May,2017.
Spirit was one of the eighteen models Bajaj Auto launched in eighteen months "...after eighteen years with one model..." as its president is quoted saying.
Throughout its existence, the US retail banking operation functioned as an autonomous unit of the Lloyds Bank Group, alongside Lloyds Bank International and the National Bank of New Zealand.
In practice this reflects in different content presented to users arriving from online advertising versus search engines, and similarly different content is presented to depending on their demographic segments.
Hassan Lamrani, the Governor of Rabat, blamed concert-goers for the stampede, saying that they had "decided to go over the metal barriers to have a quick exit".
Also notable is an appearance by Bon Jovi's drummer, Tico Torres.
Janek Sternberg (born 19 October 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a left-back for 1.
Franconia Elementary celebrated their 75th anniversary on October 6, 2016.
His first artwork for The Beano included illustrations for the Rhyme Time sections (Taking over from Chris McGhie) which was a regular feature in The Beano during the first half of the 2000s, which saw readers send in rhymes.
It was recorded on April 21, 1968 and feature a live performance by Henderson with Wynton Kelly, Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb.
CAFGU Active Auxiliary Company, 21st Infantry Battalion of the 5th Infantry Division in January 1991 when his unit figured in a 10-hour firefight with approximately 150 New People's Army rebels in Maconacon, Isabela.
Kepler-9d, formerly known as KOI-377.03, is a planet in orbit around the sunlike star Kepler-9.
Until the 1968 college football season, the final AP Poll of the season was released following the end of the regular season, with the exception of the 1965 season.
Spores are brightly colored, ranging from clear, white and yellow to pink and red-brown tones.
HMS Weazel (frequently spelt Weazle, and occasionally Weasel) was a Royal Navy 18-gun Cruizer-class brig-sloop, launched in 1805 at Topsham, Devon.
1975 Cairo Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts that was independent, i.e. not part of the Grand Prix or WCT circuit.
It was an engagement of the Second Italian War of Independence, fought between the Italian volunteers formation of the Hunters of the Alps, led by Giuseppe Garibaldi, against Austrian troops.
Wil Waluchow is a Canadian philosopher, currently the Senator William McMaster Chair in Constitutional Studies at McMaster University, where he has taught since 1984.
Shortly thereafter, he divorced Redington.
Sally Bretton (born Sally Davis) is an English actress.
Although there has not been a passenger rail service since 1993, the Victorian Labor Government promised to return the service in 1999.
Hyson Green Baptist Church is on Palin Street in Hyson Green, Nottingham.
Mlali is an administrative ward in the Kongwa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.
Pupo is a paralympic athlete from Cuba competing mainly in category B1 400m and 800m events.
A classic example is to hide an object under a mug or cup, which the magician then discovers by slowly moving their hand over the cups and waiting for the thump.
Its main base is Zorg en Hoop Airport.
The city is adjacent to the Town of Wausau.
It had no goods service, but a zig zag track branched off just outside the station from a point on the main line towards Saltburn, serving the Loftus Mines in the valley below, where ironstone was mined.
From the upper-middle order, he scored 13 runs.
This is a list of listed buildings in the parish of West Calder in West Lothian, Scotland.
He rose through the political ranks to become chairman of the state's Republican party following the Civil War.
They believe patent issues are basically business questions and not only technical or legal matters.
Rosemary Sayigh (born 1935 in Birmingham, United Kingdom) is a British-born journalist and scholar of Middle Eastern history.
Unlike them, younger linguists were eager to adopt Chomsky's way of doing research.
Kirkegaard Associates is an American acoustics design firm based in Chicago, Illinois, with an office in Denver, Colorado.
The Oxford University Gliding Club (OUGC) is the gliding club of Oxford University, flying from the historic Bicester Airfield.
A recall election (also called a recall referendum or representative recall) is a procedure by which, in certain polities, voters can remove an elected official from office through a direct vote before that official's term has ended.
It serves as an industrial finance organization.
The flower crab spiders are the species for which the popular name was coined, because of their crab-like motion and their way of holding their front legs in an attitude reminiscent of a crab spreading its claws as a threat.
He also discusses many facets of the New Economy, "culture studs," and internet brokerages.
Lois appears in virtually every Superman comics and media adaptations.
After the death of her husband, Paul continued her missionary work in Malkangiri, eventually founding the Reaching Hand Society in 1994.
Lives Underwater was a techno rock band from rural Perkiomenville, Pennsylvania (near Philadelphia), formed in 1993 by band members David Reilly and Jeff Turzo.
Powers not included in section 51 are considered "residual powers", and remain the domain of the states, unless there is another grant of constitutional power (e.g. Section 52 and Section 90 prescribe additional powers).
Mohammad Anis Sherzai was an Afghanistan field hockey player, who competed at the 1956 Summer Olympic Games.
As of March 2007, the company had approximately 60 employees and used 2,000 servers hosted in California with contracts for 9 Gbit/s of bandwidth.
Agnostic existentialism is a type of existentialism which makes no claim to know whether there is a "greater picture"; rather, it simply asserts that the greatest truth is that which the individual chooses to act upon.
David Morley (born 7 September 1965) is a Bahamian swimmer.
Odostomia bachia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Psychological warfare (PSYWAR), or the basic aspects of modern psychological operations (PSYOP), have been known by many other names or terms, including MISO, Psy Ops, political warfare, "Hearts and Minds", and propaganda.
Vexillum pacificum is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.
Predator X is a comic book character, in Marvel Comics' main shared universe.
In his only List A match he scored 6 runs and with the ball he bowled 8 wicket-less overs.
The 7th Infantry Division, also known as the Golden Arrow (after its formation sign) and Peshawar Division, (after its garrison city) is the Pakistan Army's oldest and most battle-hardened division.
Berg served on the House Ways and Means Committee.
It was also the last Ferrari Formula One car to run on Agip fuel.
Waugoshance and nearby Temperance Island are part of the Wilderness State Park.
He did reappear at the Hippodrome for some later shows, including Good Times in 1920-21 and Better Times in 1922-23.
The Rangers have the distinction of being the only unit raised in present-day Virginia to serve in the Union Army.
The Southern African Legal Information Institute (SAFLII) is the largest online free-access collection of legislation and case law from South Africa and other jurisdictions in the South African region.
From 1788 to 1794, he held an appointment as land surveyor in the Eastern District.
The resulting conflict became known as the Potato War.
The Pulicini form a flea tribe (or in other classifications a subfamily called Pulicinae) in the family Pulicidae.
She is the part of silent comedy series, Gutur Gu (2010).
Panther Lake Camping Resort is a camping resort in Northern New Jersey.
The call letters were changed to WGHL on October 16, 2014.
1998 CAF Cup was the seventh football club tournament season that took place for the runners-up of each African country's domestic league.
The STEM Education Act of 2014 (H.R. 5031) is a bill that would add computer science to the definition of STEM fields used by the United States federal government in determining grants and education funding.
The Black Order (also known as the Cull Obsidian) is a fictional supervillain team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
At the same time four other South-Moluccans took hostages at an elementary school in the village of Bovensmilde, also in Drenthe.
The plates designed for use on web-offset presses can yield 300,000 to 500,000 impressions.
He was arrested by the FBI in New York City in 1983 following information obtained from a Soviet defector.
He coached several Scottish age-group teams before being appointed assistant coach of the Caledonian Reds in 1997.
The song was written by Michael Jay and Rick Palombi, and produced by Stock Aitken Waterman.
As of 2007, E. peninsularis and its associated "mallee community" was considered to be "a state endangered ecosystem" of which examples were found in the following protected areas on the Eyre Peninsula - the Hambidge Wilderness Protection Area, the Verran Tanks Conservation Park and the Wharminda Conservation Park.
Because Coolbool Creek skulls were found on the surface it is difficult to date them, and other scientists have argued that they might be much older.
Nambassa is also the tribal name of a charitable trust that has championed sustainable ideas and demonstrated practical counterculture ideals, a spiritually based alternative lifestyle, environmentalism and green issues from the early 1970s to the present.
Adrian Jacobs (born 14 August 1980) is a former South African rugby union player who played for the Sharks provincially and The Sharks in Super Rugby, he made his Springbok debut in 2001 against Italy in Genoa.
During Median and Persian rule, many Caucasian Albanians adopted Zoroastrianism and then switched to Christianity prior to coming of Muslim Arabs and more importantly Muslim Turks.
Following his retirement, he will remain at Bristol until the end of the 2010/11 season as a forwards coach, and part of the strength and conditioning team.
Its title is likely a reference to the supervillain team Legion of Doom.
He was drafted by the New York Jets in the sixth round of the 1997 NFL Draft.
Nate has received mostly positive attention from viewers and critics.
A transverse tubule surrounded by two SR cisternae are known as triads, and the contact between these structures is located at the junction of the A and I bands.
The same applies for the meta-analyzed measure of effect: if the points of the diamond overlap the line of no effect the overall meta-analyzed result cannot be said to differ from no effect at the given level of confidence.
The second USS Absecon (AVP-23) was a United States Navy Barnegat-class seaplane tender in commission from 1943 to 1947, converted during construction to serve as a catapult training ship during World War II.
In yeast cells, it is probable that ORPs function as sterol transporters, perhaps in regions where organelle membranes are closely apposed.
While in North Africa LST-371 was based at La Goulette Bay.
The show package was designed and created by E!
She works as a freelance musician and a composer.
Badrul Amin bin Rusalan (born 24 July 1997 in Selangor) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for Selangor in the Malaysia Super League.
Baugy is a commune in the Cher department in the Center-Val de Loire region of central France.
The film is a second sequel to the 2001 television movie A Town Without Christmas.
It is threatened by habitat degradation from invasive plants and coastal development.
The party ran its candidates in the 2013 Italian general election, winning 0.22% of the regional vote.
The House Where Evil Dwells is a 1982 American/Japanese horror film that stars Edward Albert, Susan George and Doug McClure about an American family that moves into a reputed haunted house in the hills of Japan.
On Giant's Shoulders is a 1979 BBC television film about the early life of thalidomide victim Terry Wiles, with Wiles playing himself.
Goode, a Democrat, was elected to the Maine House of Representatives from Bangor's District 15 in November 2008 and re-elected in 2010, 2012 and 2014.
It serves Amtrak's Thruway Motorcoach bus system and formerly served trains for Amtrak and other rail companies.
Cephonodes kingii, the gardenia bee hawk, is a moth of the Sphingidae family.
It describes itself as a "hallachic community bound by Jewish law".
It is sponsored by lubricants company Liqui Moly and known officially as Liqui Moly Team Engstler.
To be effective in gene therapy, there must be insertion, alteration and/or removal of host cell genes.
Kyle Uyehara (born November 27, 1989 in Whittier, California) is a U.S. short track speed skater.
Her husband William G. Batchelder is a former state Court of Appeals judge and a state legislator, who has served more than 30 years in the Ohio House of Representatives and served as Speaker of the House from 2011 until 2014.
But in September 2015, he scored his third goal, making him American Samoa's national top goalscorer.
It was recorded by Johnny Cash (with the Carter Family) for Cash's 1963 album Blood, Sweat and Tears.
The men's double sculls competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London took place are at Dorney Lake which, for the purposes of the Games venue, is officially termed Eton Dorney.
Sharon Bamford holds an MBA degree from Aberdeen Business School and has taught entrepreneurship at the same school, based on her experience of starting and growing five companies of her own.
He has performed on soundtracks for the films 'The Sapphires' (2012), 'Red Dog' 2011, and 'Under the Lighthouse Dancing ' (1997).
The day prior to the NDC's convention, the NPP and the NDPL withdrew from the coalition, and on 17 July, the remaining members of the coalition nominated Mayson as their presidential candidate.
His father, Edmund Pleydell, was MP for Wootton Bassett, as were many members of the Pleydell family.
Hepatocystis pteropti is a species of the genus Hepatocystis.
The race was sanctioned by International Cycling Union as a 2.2 race category as part of the 2006-2007 UCI Asia Tour.
The culture of the Choctaw has greatly evolved over the centuries combining mostly European-American influences; however, interaction with Spain, France, and England greatly shaped it as well.
She is also Sarah Cracknell's sister-in-law.
He was imprisoned from 28 April 2011 to 28 April 2012, allegedly for "undermining a judicial decision", "attempting to influence the judiciary", and "reporting on untrue criminal offenses", leading Amnesty International to designate him a prisoner of conscience.
Mr Glenn Archer was appointed to the CIO role.
This album by Columbia has never been re-released on compact disk.
The program can be extended with additional plugins.
In October 2007, Leviste and John Tejada embarked on their first tour together throughout Europe.
The 1913 Sunday School addition designed by Claude Bragdon, the portico, and the 1951 Elizabeth Allen Olmsted Memorial Hall are in the Colonial Revival style.
As a girl, Ng had studied at the Canadian International School of Hong Kong.
A further edition with commentaries was published in 1999.
Macksburg Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church located in Canby, Oregon, United States.
Loca piel (English: Crazy Skin) is a 1996 Chilean telenovela produced and broadcast by TVN.
Derwent Drug file, formerly known as Ringdoc, is an information monitoring, abstracting and documentation service, specifically designed to meet the information needs of people requiring information on pharmaceuticals.
The Rabbitkettle Formation is a geologic formation in Yukon.
The Malabar Christian College or MCC, at Kozhikode in Kerala, India, is one of the oldest co-educational institutions in the city.
Frank Richard Branch (born May 7, 1944 in Bathurst, New Brunswick) is a former Canadian politician.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3592 persons living in 709 individual households.
An example of this is the Basque word herri which can be translated as nation; country, land; people, population; and town, village, settlement, amongst other things leading to difficulties in translating the indigenous term Euskal Herria.
It stars Dolph Lundgren as Jason Price, who is a former government agent who now earns money helping people disappear through a program he engineered.
In contrast to most modern works about the Romani people also the dark side of the Romani culture is discussed, like fraud and robbery, which were apparently common with the Romani people in the author's lifetime.
In 2018 she served as a visiting professor at Stanford University in the Center on Food Security and the Environment.
Due to a scheduling conflict with their home arena, the Alaska Aces were forced to play their home games in the National Conference quarterfinals against the Stockton Thunder at the Curtis D. Menard Memorial Sports Center in nearby Wasilla.
It is considered to be the fiercest intra-city derby in the country ahead of the other major local derbies, Derby della Madonnina (Milan derby) and Derby della Mole (Turin derby), and one of the greatest and hotly contested derbies in Europe.
He won four medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with three golds (Mixed C-2: 1967, 1969; Mixed C-2 team: 1969) and a silver (Mixed C-2: 1971).
In contrast, other organisms, multicellular animals for example, have close to strict homeostasis and they can be thought of as having distinct chemical composition.
Matteo Pisseri (born 21 November 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B side Catania.
The Saint Cirac Formation is a geologic formation in France.
Hamilton's son, John C. Hamilton, commissioned Conrads to sculpt this statue, which was dedicated on November 22, 1880 and donated to the city.
It was originally broadcast on ABC on November 1, 1984.
The United College comprises all members of the Government of the Brussels-Capital Region, except the Secretaries of State.
The album produced the singles "It's About Time", "Big Gay Heart", "The Great Big No" and "Into Your Arms", which reached number one on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks for nine weeks (from November 6, 1993 to January 1, 1994) a record at the time in which they shared with U2.
In the Band documentary Making the Boys at the Tribeca Film Festival and claimed in an interview with The Washington Blade that Greene's current whereabouts remain unknown.
Cadence Bank, N.A. and Linscomb & Williams are direct or indirect subsidiaries of Cadence Bancorporation.
The label's name refers to Hieronymous Bosch's painting The Garden of Earthly Delights.
You, Too, Can Have a Body is a 1960 Australian TV play that screened as part of The General Motors Hour.
In the video game industry, digital distribution is the process of delivering video game content as digital information, without the exchange or purchase of new physical media.
The viridian metaltail (Metallura williami) is a species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae.
Pisonia grandis, the grand devil's-claws, is a species of flowering tree in the Bougainvillea family, Nyctaginaceae.
It is found in Yugoslavia, Macedonia, Bulgaria and Greece.
Tissue saturation at peripheral scale can be measured using NIRS.
The Game Awards 2014 ceremony, which honored the best video games of 2014, took place at The AXIS in Las Vegas, Nevada, on December 5, 2014.
Priyakant Premachand Maniar, also spelled Maniyar, (24 January 1927 - 25 June 1976), was a Gujarati poet from Gujarat, India.
The club, formed in 1918, is one of the oldest soccer clubs in Queensland.
The MN-700 model supporting 802.11g was available in September.
Mainstream medicine regarded susceptibility to tuberculosis as passed down by heredity; mainstream eugenicists regarded the tuberculous as "racially diseased".
Belgrade Fashion Week is a fashion show held in Belgrade, Serbia twice a year.
Plas Coch is an unofficial area in the Wrexham County Borough of Wales.
The show has been adapted for television and was first broadcast on BBC Four in early 2009.
Carl Loser accused Sturtevant of stealing his adopted children from someone else's parents, a reference to how some children are adopted because child services removes them from their homes.
The last version of The Tilery was 4.2.1, released on April 9, 2001.
It is a characteristic component of ganoid scales.
Moriarty was born in Dublin.
Honolulu mayoral election was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012, to elect the Mayor of the City and County of Honolulu.
From 1976 to 1979 the chief tenant at Ownby was the Dallas Tornado of the North American Soccer League.
He was member of 2nd Lok Sabha from Ramtek (Lok Sabha constituency).
It is run at Kempton Park over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 meters), and during its running there are twelve fences to be jumped.
It is also sometimes informally referred to as Barton Cross, after the road on which its main entrance is situated.
Its premiere was performed by the New York Philharmonic Orchestra with conductor Arturo Toscanini in 1929.
Minowa has a B.S. in environmental science from the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities.
Prasophyllum petilum, commonly known as the Tarengo leek orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to eastern Australia.
Labeotropheus is a genus of fish in the family Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi in eastern Africa.
This was also the case at leadership conventions, giving the labor movement a significant say in determining the party's leadership.
Mauritius was represented at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia by a xx-member contingent comprising xx sportspersons and xx officials.
PNB/ASB is also the majority shareholder of Maybank.
It was built from 1889 to 1970s.
There is no difference between the legal effects of a "not guilty" and "not proven" verdict, which both acquit the defendant.
The SARS conspiracy theory began to emerge during the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak in China in the spring of 2003, when Sergei Kolesnikov, a Russian scientist and a member of the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences, first publicized his claim that the SARS coronavirus is a synthesis of measles and mumps.
His much younger cousin, Levi Matthew Piedra, is a promising baseball player in Ohio looking to make the majors soon.
Book of Sorrows is the sequel novel to Walter Wangerin, Jr.'s The Book of the Dun Cow.
An independent and nearly simultaneous detection was also reported from a revision of Kepler space telescope data using a transit detection algorithm.
Toucan was laid down on 16 February 1944 at Cleveland, Ohio, by the American Ship Building Company; launched on 15 September 1944; sponsored by Miss Rose B. Jackiewicz; and commissioned on 25 November 1944, Lt. Comdr.
All songs were written by McKenna.
Laubeuf also tackled the stability problem that beset submarine designs.
He has been providing guidance for the UN Sustainable Stock Exchanges Initiative (with all major stock exchanges worldwide as its members).
The Nephites withstood numerous assaults by the Lamanites, and fortified their cities against them.
The list initialization syntax of C++11 generalizes the functionality of C99 compound literals, although with some semantic differences.
Currently, the legal status and the local government of Kiev is regulated by the special provisions of the Constitution of Ukraine as well as a combination of Ukrainian laws, namely the Law on the capital of Ukraine - Hero City Kiev, the Law on the local state administration and the Law on local self-governance in Ukraine.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she won a silver medal in the Women's synchronized 3 meter springboard with partner Kelci Bryant.
It is a rectangular two-story building of stuccoed stone construction painted pastel yellow completed in 1833 for $1,459.
Half the Perfect World is the fourth studio album by American jazz singer Madeleine Peyroux.
This decentralized structure of royal power in Lanao was adopted by the founders, and maintained up to the present day, in recognition of the shared power and prestige of the ruling clans in the area, emphasizing the values of unity of the nation (Kaiisaisa o Bangsa), patronage (kaseselai) and fraternity (kaphapagaria).
In the list below the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.
Japan employs over a quarter of a million industrial robot workers.
The channel is available in Spanish and English.
MacArthur was a well-known and experienced officer with a distinguished record in World War I, who had retired from the United States Army in 1937 and had become a defense advisor to the Philippine government.
In 2009, Hathor Exploration was reported as having the sixth most significant exploration project in Saskatchewan (based on expenditures) and the 51st out of 100 in Canada at their Midwest NorthEast property in the Athabasca Basin, by Natural Resources Canada.
Anandan is also the President of Kerala Coir Workers Center.
Gary Tapp (born December 29, 1953) is an American politician who served in the Kentucky House of Representatives from the 58th district from 1999 to 2003 and in the Kentucky Senate from the 20th district from 2003 to 2011.
Aquostic (Stripped Bare) is the thirty-first studio album by English rock band Status Quo, first released on 17 October 2014.
These wildflowers are somewhat diverse in appearance but are usually erect, thin-stemmed herbs which bear purple to white blooms.
The editor-in-chief is Michael Crawford (Imperial College London).
Institute has started operating from permanent campus at Arugul from academic session 2015-16.
Current Science is an English-language peer-reviewed multidisciplinary scientific journal.
Scott Marshall (born January 17, 1969) is an American actor and director.
The academic discipline offers wide-ranging studies integrating ecological social sciences with political economy in topics such as degradation and marginalization, environmental conflict, conservation and control, and environmental identities and social movements.
Thus, a simultaneity succession is a succession of simultaneities.
Michigan Senate Bill 690, signed into law on March 26, 2002, became effective on April 24 of that year, establishing the airport authority.
These surviving offices were later incorporated into the America On Wheels museum, which was opened on the site of the former Arbogast & Bastian plant in 2008.
This film is the Bengali Remake of the Telugu film Darling starring Prabhas and Kajal Aggarwal.
Jordan Misja High School is a public high school located in the major northern city of Shkodra, Albania.
He became KPCC member in the year 2005.
The bay contains a distinctive shingle spit known as the Urabug.
Tectus niloticus is no longer classified as a Trochus species, and it is no longer classified in the family Trochidae; it is now placed in the family Tegulidae.
Rapid Kuantan (styled as rapidKuantan) is s a corporate brand owned by Prasarana Malaysia Berhad (Prasarana) to operate stage bus services in Kuantan, Pahang in Malaysia.
The small residential area was laid out in 1880.
The expandable memory of the device is up to 32GB.
Maukkadaw is a village in Mingin Township, Kale District, in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.
The European Journal of Clinical Microbiology & Infectious Diseases is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering clinical microbiology and infectious diseases.
The Faculty's teaching and research are spread across most of Monash University's campuses, including Clayton, Caulfield, Malaysia, Gippsland, Peninsula, Berwick, South Africa and Prato.
The Multi-Platform Radar Technology Insertion Program (MP-RTIP), a U.S. Air Force project led by contractor Northrop Grumman to develop the next generation of airborne air-to-air and air-to-ground radar systems.
Former IBF junior welterweight champion Jake Rodriguez has often assisted in Rainone's training and has worked his corner many times.
It is endemic to Madagascar and contains two recognized species.
Daniel's character is called Sasori, which is Japanese for Scorpion.
The building, which is now in residential use, was designated a New York City landmark in 1977, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
At around 13 years, boys exchanged their knickerbockers for long trousers (again, in British English, never 'pants', as above).
He had already been created a baronet, of Tehidy in the County of Cornwall, in the Baronetage of Great Britain in 1779, and Baron de Dunstanville, of Tehidy in the County of Cornwall, in the Peerage of Ireland in 1796.
Despite the physical strain and injury which resulted, even women labored in this way during the 19th century.
Satirical works of social, political and religious comment and works which take an inward track to the imagination and subconscious.
It premiered on a dedicated YouTube channel on April 9, 2012, and subsequently concluded when the 100th episode was posted on March 28, 2013.In 2013, The Lizzie Bennet Diaries became the first web series to win an Emmy, for Outstanding Creative Achievement In Interactive Media - Original Interactive Program.
By the end of the 1970s and 1980s, most of the Golden Age animators had retired or died, and their younger successors were ready to change the industry and the way that animation was perceived.
In 2017, the Orioles named Raines the hitting coach for the Short-Season A affiliate Aberdeen IronBirds.
The album has been reissued several times and has been awarded certifications in several regions.
He turned professional in June 1955 and continued to play for the youth team until 1956.
WPTD, virtual and UHF digital channel 16, is a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member television station licensed to Dayton, Ohio, United States.
It was built in 1868 for Benjamin Franklin Carter, a veteran of the Confederate States Army.
Isabella de Beaumont (died 1334), was a prominent noblewoman allied to Isabella of France during the reign of Edward II of England.
A government budget is an annual financial statement presenting the government's proposed revenues and spending for a financial year that is often passed by the legislature, approved by the chief executive or president and presented by the Finance Minister to the nation.
It contains the unincorporated town of Freeland Park.
Kendler is also interested in philosophical issues in psychiatry.
British Virgin Islands Football Association is the governing body of football in the British Virgin Islands.
The Navy and Army are the only branches of service to bestow a Career Counselor Badge.
Zion National Park includes an elevated plateau that consists of sedimentary formations that dip very gently to the east.
Outtrim was the terminus station on the Outtrim railway line.
William C. Warren was born on a farm in southwestern Michigan in 1836.
Similar to screenwriting, it is typically a freelance profession.
Paul VI said that frequent confession is "of great value".
Stockbridge's take on Marilyn Monroe, with smudged red lipstick, hair worn up in pin-curls, tight sweaters and heels was one of the iconic looks of the late 80s.
The following year, Telesis opened Lazlo's Brewery and Grill, Nebraska's first brewpub.
An alternate version of "Ever Since My Accident" was available on the Kill Rock Stars compilation (KRS-201) in superior quality.
Basketball at the 2001 Southeast Asian Games was held from 9 to 16 September 2001 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The 2009 World Jiu-Jitsu Championship was held at California State University in Long Beach, California, USA, on March 27, 28 and 29, 2009.The competition was sponsored by the United States Brazilian jiu-jitsu Federation.
Anakena is unusual for Easter Island in that it is one of only two small sandy beaches in an otherwise rocky coastline.
From 2001 to 2012, he was bishop of Bolivia.
For any serve, the server stands behind the baseline without touching it.
De Blauwe Aanslag was the first home of Radio Tonka, an ongoing free radio project.
To date, he has officiated in 25 ODIs.
Rollinsford is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.
The Conservatory is home to the Baldwin Wallace Bach Festival, the oldest collegiate Bach Festival in the United States.
Many are known only from a few collections, or even single specimen, which makes it hard to determine variability within species.
As of 2014 the title is held by the latter's second son, the fifth baronet (younger brother of the fourth baronet), who succeeded in 2009.
Because the street houses the highest concentration of luxury fashion brands, "Oak Street" also designates the surrounding area including Rush Street and Walton Street as Chicago's luxury shopping district.
Sandlas subsequently earned more success by singing one of the Hindi cinema's top charted songs, "Ishq Da Sutta", "Raat Jashn Di".
Several place names in Thousand Oaks derive from the Norwegian settlers.
Dialogue is the debut studio album by British electronic musician Kieran Hebden, released under his alias Four Tet on 1 February 1999.
It was produced by Filmation founders and producers Lou Scheimer and Norm Prescott.
The red-fronted gazelle (Eudorcas rufifrons) is widely but unevenly distributed gazelle across the middle of Africa from Senegal to northeastern Ethiopia.
This plant is native to Europe but has been introduced elsewhere, such as the northern half of North America.
He was a 68th minute substitute making his debut and scored in the 77th minute aged just 14 years and 187 days old.
The inscriptions are some poems in the Naskh and Thuluth scripts.
The Association of Radical Midwives website holds information resources on pregnancy and birth, including articles and discussion and links to other maternity groups.
A computer named Wordsworth generated words and checked their validity, and occasionally provided the host with definitions of unusual words that came up during the game.
Queen Elizabeth knighted Power in the 1970s for this preservation work.
Viva Wisconsin is a live album by Violent Femmes.
Blue's Clues became the highest-rated show for preschoolers on American commercial television and was critical to Nickelodeon's growth.
The name of the title was changed, however, in late February 1986 as WCCW withdrew from the National Wrestling Alliance and changed its name to the WCWA.
NCAA Women's Division II Indoor Track and Field Championship is an annual collegiate indoor track and field competition for women from Division II institutions organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
It is the tenth track and lead single from her ninth studio album, The Hope Six Demolition Project, and was released digitally on 22 January 2016 and physically on 4 March 2016 on Island Records.
Apophlegmatisms, in pre-modern medicine, were medications chewed in order to draw away phlegm and humors from the head and brain.
Enzymes that are capable of catalyzing this process are called AMPylators.
The ward was created in 1982 and is currently represented by Ryan Murphy of the Liberal National Party.
Starting with 2007 Cycle L, CASS software will also perform delivery point validation to verify whether or not an address is a deliverable address and check against the USPS Locatable Address Conversion System to update addresses that have been renamed or renumbered.
The Commonwealth may only acquire property on just terms for a "purpose in respect of which the Parliament has power to make laws".
Since smoking cannabis in public is banned in Colorado, no cannabis consumption is allowed during the hours when the church is open to the public.
Quite fortuitously, the band noticed a DAT recorder, bought a tape and recorded the concert.
This version did not chart in the US, although a version by Pia Zadora charted there at number 36 in 1983.
Merlin and the Dragons is a 1991 animated film adapted from a story by Jane Yolen and illustrations by Alan Lee.
Bosniuk played most of his career in the WHA with the Minnesota Fighting Saints, New England Whalers and Edmonton Oilers.
The show focused on the lives of five teen friends: Ragini, Zeeshan ('Zee'), Zenia, Ritu and Vir.
The MIME type associated with XAP files is application/x-silverlight-app.
Hilary "Larry" Angelo Gomes (born 13 July 1953) is a former Trinidad & Tobago and West Indian cricketer.
The Bessang Pass Natural Monument is a protected area and memorial that commemorates the victory on 14 June 1945 by Filipino soldiers serving the U.S. Army Forces in the Philippines Northern Luzon (USAFIP-NL) over the Imperial Japanese Army in the Battle of Bessang Pass which led to Japan's eventual surrender and end to World War II in the Philippines.
Heterophleps refusaria, the three-patched bigwing, is a species of geometrid moth in the family Geometridae.
The first season of the TV Land original sitcom The Exes premiered on November 30, 2011 and ended February 1, 2012.
Hum TV is a 24-hour entertainment TV channel based in Karachi, Pakistan.
It was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, taking 2 years to complete.
Apart from other dishes like Pheni, Rabidi, Kheera sara and other cheese or chhena based items malpua is one of the most popular buyouts in the streets of Puri in Odisha.
Capital Handling Riga is a Fixed-base operator certified by the Latvian Civil Aviation Authority and active in all three Baltic states, with the main focus being on Riga International Airport.
He is in panchayti raaj adhyaksh (rajya mantri) in present Samajwadi Party Government of Uttar Pradesh.
Crave (also known under the working titles of Shatterbrain and Two Wolves) is a 2012 American drama thriller film directed by Charles de Lauzirika.
The Clock Strikes Twelve is a collection of stories by author H. Russell Wakefield.
It is widely cited as a place of reference by industry organizations, government and local authoritiesThe editorial team consists of Steve Eminton, Will Date, Beth Slow and Joshua Goulding with design by Chloe Doel.
Potency is also described as the gene activation potential within a cell which like a continuum begins with totipotency to designate a cell with the most differentiation potential, pluripotency, multipotency, oligopotency and finally unipotency.
Thelepogon is a genus of Asian, African, and Australian plants in the grass family.
Adelaide Avenue School is a historic school building located at Canandaigua in Ontario County, New York.
Govinda Nagar is a village in the Nicobar district of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India.
Its sets were designed by Walter Murton.
Quiet as a Nun is a thriller novel, written by Antonia Fraser.
IPTV is one of the Internet television technology standards for use by television broadcasters.
Using a theme of soda pop, it is marked by a giant neon sign in the shape of a soda pop bottle.
In their second appearance at the Games, Malta had a single competitor compete in weightlifting competition.
The band parted ways with Ingenthron who was later replaced by Sean Brennan.
Litten wrote a remake episode of Are You Being Served? which three of the cast had previously appeared in Benidorm, Sherrie Hewson, John Challis and Niky Wardley.
Held for the first time, heptathlon was a non-championship event at this edition and the medals awarded did not count towards the total medal status.
Larry Garner (born July 8, 1952, New Orleans, Louisiana, United States) is an American Louisiana blues musician best known for his 1994 album Too Blues.
He was originally drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the fourth round of the 2005 NFL Draft.
Horace Mann Arts and Sciences Magnet Middle School is a magnet middle school located in Little Rock, Arkansas, USA.
Two singles were released from the album: "Tears" and "Swamp Thing".
His research compares phylogeographic and gene expression patterns to test for local adaptation in a high gene flow species.
Pocket Symphony also incorporates some of the Japanese instruments Godin recently learned to play from an Okinawan master musician: the koto (also referred to as a Japanese floor harp) and the three-string, banjo-like shamisen.
In 1991 he had a "falling out" with former County Commissioner Tom Foerster after Brimmeier ran unsuccessfully for county prothonotary against Foerster's wishes.
The song also won ASCAP awards for its writers.
It is believed to be the only Art Deco building in the county.
It was designed in the mid-1930s and saw service in the early part of the Second World War.
The opera lasts for about 1 hour and 35 minutes.
Primarily praised for its direction and musical score, many critics credit the film as the first in a long line of slasher films inspired by Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho (1960).
This is a list of amphibians and reptiles found on the island of Martinique, an overseas department of France located in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles.
Mineral taxes should possess neutral characteristics, to maintain incentives for investors and maximize the tax revenue for the government, while minimizing the variability and uncertainty of the amount of tax money collected.
In 1994, he moved to the News of the World, where he rose to become chief reporter.
They have won many tournaments throughout their history but have never won the national league.
Otter Lake is named for the North American river otter, which are indigenous to the area.
The tournament was called the Double Diamond Strokeplay in 1974 and 1975 and the Double Diamond Individual Championship in 1976.
Released in October 1986 in the UK as the lead single from the album One to One, it reached #35 in the UK Singles Chart, his lowest charting hit to that time, and the last UK top 40 hit of Jones' career.
Beetree Hill is located west, and Mount Tobias is located west-northwest of Johns Mountain.
ETIM Deutschland e. V. (ElektroTechnisches InformationsModell, or electro-technical information model) is an initiative to standardize the electronic exchange of product data for electrical and electronic products (electrical installation products, home appliances and consumer electronics) to enable the electronic trading of these products.
Over twenty decomposed human bodies and hundreds of human skulls were found dispersed throughout the forest, and over twenty people were rescued from the forest.
As of October 2015, the US has a drone base in Niamey, and is reported to be building another in Agadez a town in the Nigerien desert, as part of its counter-terrorism activities.
North High School was a public high school in Springfield, Ohio.
The original plans for the bridge show plans for the original wooden toll building that was once located on the bridge.
Mario I. Gandelsonas (born December 14, 1938 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an American architect and theorist whose specializations include urbanism and semiotics.
Christianity is the predominant religion in Serbia.
With its aluminum hull and unique flat lightweight custom Tehcumsuh 6.25-horsepower engine and its custom Phelon Ignition, this board was indeed fairly thin.
Numidia provided some of the highest quality cavalry of the Second Punic War, and the Numidian cavalry played a key role in a number of battles, both early on in support of Hannibal and later in the war after switching allegiance to the Roman Republic.
WEAK! was a collaboration of Hsieh Ying-Chun, a Taiwan architectural activist specializing at collaborative construction and sustainable construction, Roan Ching-Yueh, an architect, curator and art critic, and Marco Casagrande, a Finnish architect, founder of C-lab.
In 1945, the battalion was disbanded and was not reformed until 1966 when it was re-raised as part of the Citizens Military Force, serving as a special conditions battalion known as the 19th Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment.
Fontenette attended Hitchcock High School (Class of 2000) and attended three different colleges: UTEP in 2000-01, Richland Junior College in 2001-04, and Paul Quinn College in 2004-05.
He attended Christopher Columbus High School in Miami, Florida.
The county is divided into 12 townships which provide local services.
Human trafficking in Central Europe has become a significant legal and political issue, as it is thought that many victims of human trafficking come from Central Europe.
He is recognized for his textured surfaces, created by using alternative firing techniques.
Although it is not a census-designated place, the ZIP Code Tabulation Area for the ZIP Code (37878) that serves Happy Valley had a population of 529 as of the 2000 U.S. Census.
As of the 2010 census, the village had a population of 193, down from 278 at the 2000 census.
He was sentenced to death by hanging for multiple crimes and executed on 12 April 2017.
The Quest for Amrit will be published Yali Dream Creations by end of 2013.
Smart glass technologies include electrochromic, photochromic, thermochromic, suspended-particle, micro-blind and polymer-dispersed liquid-crystal devices.
It drains into the Colorado River at the former site of Nelson's Landing.
In 1992 Dunsby became Chief Executive of the Institute of Business Advisers.
It replaced the Constitution of 1876.
Ancient Teachings of the Masters (also called ATOM) is the name Darwin Gross used to carry on the original teachings of Paul Twitchell after his termination from Eckankar.
The winners of Groups 1 and 2 would qualify, while the winner of Group 3 would advance to the UEFA / CONMEBOL Intercontinental Play-off.
There is a thriving tourism industry in and around Narsarsuaq, whose attractions include a great diversity of wildlife, gemstones, tours to glaciers, and an airfield museum.
Most notably, it is the agent that causes exudative dermatitis, also known as greasy pig disease, in piglets.
It runs from the Victoria Highway via Top Springs and Kalkarindji and then to Nicholson, Western Australia.
The present constitution was adopted on 5 October 1983, and also governs the Bar of Northern Ireland and the Bar Council.
The song was also sampled on The Lost Boyz's "Renee" and on Camp Lo's "Coolie High", both from 1996.
With the use of an auxiliary M9 Baseplate and extension feet for the M191 Bipod, the M121 can be dismounted from the vehicle and emplaced for ground-mounted operations.
Egale Hat is the second studio album released by electronic artist Dan Deacon.
These cells are also known as an intercalated or intercalary cell.
The text contains some formulas to find the areas of different shapes of fields.
Kuaotunu River is a short river on the eastern Coromandel Peninsula on the North Island of New Zealand.
John Carbone Porfilio (born October 14, 1934) is a Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit and a former United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Colorado.
2011 European Modern Pentathlon Championships were held in Medway, Great Britain from July 28 to August 1, 2011.
The concept of RDES is succeeded to the CountrySTAT project, FAOSTAT.
Further, Jeet moved on to do Bengali films and had his first breakthrough by portraying the lead character in Sathi.
The new team was named the Colts after the previous team that folded after the 1950 NFL season.
She rode in junior competitions through childhood and began competing the senior division at age 15.
In the video, a voice identified as bin Laden's delivers the 14-minute introduction.
Stained glass was used in the large arched window on the south side of the first floor and over the entry door.
Daniel Sesma (born June 18, 1984 in Pamplona) is a Spanish cyclist.
The New York State Women Veterans Memorial is located on Madison Avenue in Albany, New York.
The list of ship commissionings in 1897 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1897.
Acirsa subcarinata is a species of minute deep water sea snail or micromollusk.
Nyssodrysternum nitidum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
About 190,000 gasoline mopeds were eliminated between 2001 and 2004, replaced by 140,000 LPG mopeds as of 2004, at which time the city had over 100 LPG refueling stations.
The tea offered includes green tea and black tea, with an option of adding powdered mixtures such as milk, cocoa and almonds, or flavored syrups such as green apple, lemon and pineapple.
It was defended throughout southern Florida, most often in Davie, Plantation, Pembroke Pines and occasionally in Ft.
Fontaine-sur-Somme is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The Jedediah Hawkins House is a historic house located at 400 South Jamesport Avenue in Jamesport, Suffolk County, New York.
The artists Devon Massey and Robert Durham has done much of the cover-art for the series.
Therefore, comparative genomic approaches start with making some form of alignment of genome sequences and looking for orthologous sequences (sequences that share a common ancestry) in the aligned genomes and checking to what extent those sequences are conserved.
He was selected by the New Orleans Saints in the seventh round of the 2010 NFL Draft.
Since 1989, as Roddy Ray'Da he has released a number of solo albums, including Guns Girls & Guitars in 2005.
The Wyoming Business Council was founded in 1998 by the State of Wyoming tasked with focusing on building a strong job creation base in Wyoming.
Both his older brother Heinrich and the younger Manegold played an important role in the history of the Diocese of Passau.
He was soundly defeated by Liberal challenger Ian Blayney.
It is best known for its women's team, created in 1974.
The first mention of a deildegast in literature comes from Draumkvedet, written near the end of the Middle Ages.
Crnice is a settlement in the Kisela Voda Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia, which shares borders with the settlements Przino and Kisela Voda.
On November 17, 2016, the Machine announced they were moving into a brand new 6,500-seat stadium Fortress Obetz in time for their 2017 home opener.
Other Hanna-Barbera characters occasionally guest-star, including Captain Caveman, Jabberjaw, Speed Buggy, The Funky Phantom, Blue Falcon and Dynomutt, and more.
It has been home to notable artists including Capdown, Howards Alias, Lightyear, and Adequate Seven.
Neuroevolution, or neuro-evolution, is a form of artificial intelligence that uses evolutionary algorithms to generate artificial neural networks (ANN), parameters, topology and rules.
Since a short gap presently he is playing for Kerala Police.
In 2012, the CUP decided for the first time to run for Catalan parliamentary elections, gaining 3 MPs out of 135.
However, critics felt the music paired nicely with the dialog.
The most notable of these is Fleming along the southern rim, while another, only slightly smaller crater cuts across the lower eastern rim.
Trying to Fit the Ocean in a Cup is the first studio album from contemporary Christian music recording artist Josh Wilson, which the producers on the album are Matt Bronleewe, Jeff Pardo and Steve Wilson, and the album released on April 29, 2008 by Sparrow Records.
Asafo Market is a trading center in Asafo, Kumasi, the capital of Ashanti, to the western side of the Asafo interchange.
These can be subdivided into those caused by the propeller, those caused by machinery, and those caused by the movement of the hull through the water.
In 2006, ownership was transferred to the Borough of Wildwood Crest.
As of June 2014, Jamie now lives in Newton-Le-Willows, not far from where he grew up in Haydock, St Helens.
Paonta Sahib is also part of Shimla Lok Sabha constituency.
The former parish church was dedicated to St John the Divine.
With the collapse of the Soviet Union the football structure was reformed.
Shush Metro Station is a station in Tehran Metro Line 1.
The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born.
Prolactin is involved in the maturation of mammary glands and their secretion of milk in association with oxytocin, estrogen, progesterone, glucocorticoids, and others.
Cerro Cesius is a mountain in the Andes of Chile.
The papal conclave of 1676 was convened after the death of Pope Clement X and lasted from 2 August until 21 September 1676.
Oberea oculaticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The Flying Squad (also known as the Robbery Squad, Specialist Crime Directorate 7 and SCD7) is a branch of the Serious and Organized Crime Command within London's Metropolitan Police Service.
English Biscuit Manufacturers is a Pakistani major biscuits manufacturer based in Karachi, Pakistan.
Hilton also narrated.
Human leukocyte antigens (HLA) began as a list of antigens identified as a result of transplant rejection.
Alternatively, it may be expressed as a ratio of sales to cost.
Patton recorded the song in June 1929 during his very first session.
The Abbottabad Hockey Stadium is a large Field Hockey stadium in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
The union was founded in 1844 in Manchester and initially grew only slowly, having to compete directly with the larger Amalgamated Society of Engineers (ASE) for members.
The Jungo Hotel was in operation in 1955.In 2012, Recology received a permit to build a Municipal Solid Waste Disposal site at Jungo.
Adnan Al Rajeev is a Bangladeshi director, producer and scriptwriter.
Several Swiss athletes missed out of the medal standings.
He was an Labor Party member of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 1996 to 2006, representing the rural electorate of Stuart.
Born and raised in Corsica, Leca first worked as parliamentary assistant of Sauveur Gandolfi-Scheit, member of the National Assembly of France representing the Haute-Corse.
The official working poverty rate in the US has remained relatively static over the past four decades, but many social scientists argue that the official rate is set too low, and that the proportion of workers facing significant financial hardship has instead increased over the years.
The St. Louis Jane Doe is an unidentified girl who was found murdered in an abandoned house on February 28, 1983 in St. Louis, Missouri.
University is a comprehensive private liberal arts university located in Winchester, Virginia in the United States.
Volvarina corallina is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.
Lieutenant General Phil du Preez is a former Anti Aircraft officer of the South African Army, who served as Chief of Staff Logistics from 1995 to 1998.
Positive Spiral is the twelfth studio album by Japanese J-pop singer and songwriter Maki Ohguro.
He is a long-time collaborator with Baltimore-based musician Dan Deacon.
Cyrtostylis rotundifolia, commonly known as the winter orchid or gnat orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to New Zealand.
In the eastern half of the Roman Empire, which became the Byzantine Empire, the Greek Koine of Hellenism remained current and was never replaced by Latin.
The film stars Robert Lowery, Ann Savage, Barton MacLane, Douglas Fowley, Robert Kent and Curt Bois.
He made his directorial debut with Love Guru in 2009.
The Parliament of Ghana is the legislative body of the Government of Ghana.
Godine is now the exclusive licensed distributor of Black Sparrow Books while HarperCollins continues to print and reprint the books by Bukowski, Fante and Bowles, replicating the original designs.
Eupnea occurs in mammals whenever they are in a state of relaxation, i.e. when there is no clear and present danger in their environment.
However, his failure to finish at the 1963 race drew great criticism as Spain missed the team title as a result.
The national headquarters is responsible for the annual membership drive, collecting membership dues, maintaining the NCLR website, coordinating the bidding for and hosting of the annual conference, and conducting the annual board meeting.
Chernova (2008) has proposed that the genus should be subdivided into five subgenera: Liparis, Neoliparis, Lycocara, Careliparis, and Lyoliparis.
The standard Unix command who displays a list of users who are currently logged into the computer.
The Great Horde was a Tatar-Mongol khanate that existed from about 1466 to 1502.
The editor-in-chief is Robert M. Levy.
Founded in 1969, Blueprint Education first offered correspondence learning to migrant worker families in Maricopa County, Arizona.
Fell farming is the farming of fells, a fell being an area of uncultivated high ground used as common grazing.
During his time with the Blue Bombers, the team won three Gray Cup championships in 1984, 1988 and 1990.
Man, Moment, Machine is a television series which aired on The History Channel and was hosted by Hunter Ellis.
While the County Commission did vote 3 to 2 on August 28, 2012, to close the inpatient portion of the facility that it contended had been subsidized for years from the County's General Fund, Cooper Green Mercy Health Services continues to provide comprehensive outpatient care to the County's most vulnerable citizens.
Bacteriophage T12 is a bacteriophage that infects the bacterial species Streptococcus pyogenes, and converts a harmless strain of bacteria into a virulent strain.
The Oxford School District is a public school district based in Oxford, Mississippi, USA.
The ceremony was held at the Hollywood Palladium and an edited version was broadcast on TechTV.
It celebrates the classic cabaret with an eclectic mix of music from the disco days of Donna Summer, to the haunting melodies of Kurt Weill and Stephen Sondheim, to a sing-a-long of Alanis Morissette.
David Malinowski is a BAFTA and Oscar winning special effects make-up artist.
Nirmala Sheoran (born 15 July 1995) is an Indian sprinter who specializes in the 400 meters event.
It is native to Japan, Korea and China (Anhui, Gansu, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Shaanxi, Sichuan, Zhejiang).
The Corieltauvi (formerly thought to be called the Coritani, and sometimes referred to as the Corieltavi) were a tribe of people living in Britain prior to the Roman conquest, and thereafter a civitas of Roman Britain.
The 2001 Furman Paladins football team represented the Furman Paladins of Furman University during the 2001 NCAA Division I-AA football season.
Aliya Riaz (born 24 September 1992) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Rawalpindi.
It was invented by Mulalo Doyoyo and Paul Biju-Duval at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
He received a B.A. degree in psychology and in economics from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, and a Ph.D. in psychology from the University of California, Berkeley.
Cardiaphyllum is an extinct genus of prehistoric corals.
The Anglo-American Petroleum Agreement or Washington Agreement (August 8, 1944) was a failed attempt by the British and American governments to establish a lasting agreement to manage international petroleum supply and demand.
The bridge is a low level bridge designed for inundation, which was thought to be less likely to be damaged by floating debris during floods.
The Clown Barber is an 1898 British short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by the Scottish film pioneer James Williamson.
A higher volume of through traffic on the cross road, or on unsignalized intersections, a rebuild to a conventional four-leg intersection may be adequate, also when the offset is a few feet only like staggered junctions causing slower traffic for a longer time on the arterial road.
Joe Public Films is an independent video and filmmaking distributor which promotes human rights-related documentary films.
Saint-Aubin-de-Cadelech is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The history of Perkiomenville's founding is clouded in controversy.
One of these follow-up bands was Antimony, featuring Arika Casebolt on drums, Seth Lorinczi on bass and Chris Hamley on guitar and vocals.
Kombucha is produced by fermenting tea using a "symbiotic 'colony' of bacteria and yeast" (SCOBY).
Since they could not afford to buy the license for the image from the film, they created their own straw figure.
It is a selective agonist at the 5-HT1A and 5-HT1B receptors, with preference for the latter.
For its second season, the series received four Emmy nominations, including Outstanding Drama Series, and Uzo Aduba won for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series.
He is also the director of the Yale Program on Financial Stability.
This election saw the change from first past the post (plurality) to instant-runoff (preferential) voting, which also meant that electors cast a single vote rather than multiple votes.
Cillian Lordan is a professional footballer, generally a central midfielder or defender who played for and captained Cork City.
However, when Frank Moores failed to give him a seat in the cabinet, Burgess returned to the Liberal Party.
The 1934 Texas A&M Aggies football team represented Texas A&M during the 1934 college football season.
Kundasale Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Kandy District, of Central Province, Sri Lanka.
As a descendant of the second Earl of Argyll Lord Cawdor is also in remainder to this peerage and its subsidiary titles, which are held by his kinsman the Duke of Argyll.
The website is owned and operated by Location, Inc., a Rhode Island corporation headquartered in Worcester, Massachusetts.
She won silver at the 1999 World Championship and gold in 2003.
Two weeks later, the Russians scored an even greater victory in the Battle of Kagul.
Rana Ratan Singh was ruler of Umerkot belonging to Sodha subclan of Rajputs.
Chiate claimed in a lawsuit that he and Garrett wrote the song years before its 1984 release; however, a jury ultimately sided with Wonder.
MV Regent Sky was an unfinished cruise ship that traveled to several locations during her incomplete construction.
Savage & Dugan started with the ship "Nancy" with nine other underwriters in 1794.
The New Kingdom of Granada (Spanish: Nuevo Reino de Granada), or Kingdom of the New Granada, was the name given to a group of 16th-century Spanish colonial provinces in northern South America governed by the president of the Audiencia of Santa Fe, an area corresponding mainly to modern-day Colombia, Panama and Venezuela.
The county was created in 1835 as a municipality of Mexico and organized as a county in 1837. is named for George Washington, the first president of the United States.
Entry is free.
This triggered a by-election in the Tamale Central constituency on 4 April 2006.
The omophor is a wide band of cloth, much larger than the modern pallium, worn by all Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic bishops of the Byzantine Rite.
The town lies on a narrow strip of land between the eponymous bay and a hill and consists of two parts, the town proper and shopping area to the south, and a residential area near the port.
Markovski played in the National Soccer League for Sunshine George Cross, Preston Lions (former Preston Makedonia), Morwell Falcons, Canberra Cosmos, Auckland Kingz, Carlton SC, Melbourne Knights and Perth Glory FC and was known Australia wide for his excellent free kick taking skills.
The ministry is headed by Minister Amelia Kyambadde, who was appointed by the president.
The original part of the settlement was laid out in the early 19th century as a new town: a place of elegant houses designed for the well-off; it also included a central public garden, a hotel, an archery, assembly rooms and a church.
Didio or DiDio is a surname.
Governagiri is a small Village in Ottapidaram taluk Tuticorin District Tamil Nadu India.
Its user interface and functionality is similar to Microsoft Outlook.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives were held in 1892 for members of the 53rd Congress, taking place at the same time as the election of Grover Cleveland as President for the second, non-continuous, time, defeating incumbent Benjamin Harrison.
Paul Seguin (born 29 March 1995) is a German football defensive midfielder who plays for Dynamo Dresden, on loan from VfL Wolfsburg.
It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1990.
Among the Romanian state's functions were to repress "the classes removed from power" and to defend against external aggression.
It is built on Masterton's highest ground providing broad vistas of much of the Wairarapa Valley.
The station has a part-time radio journalist position attached to it and is the designated emergency broadcaster for the region.
Kriengsak Varavudhi (born 13 September 1948) is a former Thai cyclist.
Colombo Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Colombo District, of Western Province, Sri Lanka.
"Amiga Soccer"/ "ST Soccer" is a soccer video game developed by Microdeal in 1988.
The station is located near the intersection of Mather Field Road and Folsom Boulevard, is served by various RT bus routes and serves the nearby Mather Air Force Base.
Brig is a collection of cross-platform C++ 11 header only libraries that offers interaction with many databases and usability of the geometric data.
He also won a gold in the coxed fours at the 1967 Pan American Games.
Released worldwide on July 8, 2014 as the album's third single, Hudson sang it for the first time at BET Awards 2014 on June 29, 2014.
Weldon is also known for its BBQ in early June hosted by its student council.
The maximum number of seats at any time is 55, with each member representing a single-seat constituency.
With the problem of ignition unsolved, the LIFE project was canceled in 2013.
The next morning, it was noted that the animal could not sit up, that he was leaning over, and that he could not eat.
Arantxa King (born 27 November 1989 in Paget Parish) is a Bermudian athlete competing in the long jump.
Unlimbering artillery to command both approach roads, Barstow was soon engaged in a five-hour fight with the enemy.
Kinesics is the interpretation of body motion communication such as facial expressions and gestures, nonverbal behavior related to movement of any part of the body or the body as a whole.
Ron Beitelspacher (born January 25, 1945 in Hoven, South Dakota) is a former Democratic Idaho state senator.
The Gulf of Kutch is an inlet of the Arabian Sea along the west coast of India, in the state of Gujarat, which is renowned for extreme daily tides.
Many migrant birds pass through the area in spring and autumn and common cranes feed in fields near the village.
The book is a detailed study of the history of South Asian paleoanthropology and of the fossil record of prehistoric people of South Asia.
The film was released in theaters on February 3, 2017, by Orion Pictures and Samuel Goldwyn Films.
Geoff Roes (born in Central New York, April 14, 1976) is an American ultra-marathon runner.
The Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress is given at the Golden Horse Film Awards.
The state legislature met in regular session from January 2 to April 26, 1945, during the term of Governor Robert S. Kerr.
Known today as the Woodrow United Methodist Church, its original congregants included some of the island's earliest well-known families.
Broughton Park RUFC, is one of the oldest rugby union clubs in England and was established in 1882, just one year after the Lancashire County Rugby Football Union was founded and eleven years after the formation of the national Rugby Football Union.
It is published by Informa Healthcare in collaboration with the Association for Medical Education in Europe.
The synod oversees fourteen presbyteries in four Mid-Atlantic states (Maryland, North Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia).
It was proposed to the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos) by the Russian Space Research Institute.
The program features Detectives Janet Scott (played by Sharp) and Rachel Bailey (played by Jones).
Grand Celebration would still be transferred to the main fleet of Costa as Costa Celebration, and Grand Holiday would either be transferred or sold off.
The rest of the Dutch enclaves in southern India and seaside Sri Lanka were quickly overrun.
He played college football for the Texas A&M Aggies and Houston Cougars.
Following the war the prison continued as a military "glasshouse" until it was returned to civilian use in 1966.
Eosinopteryx is an extinct genus of theropod dinosaurs known the late Jurassic period of China.
He studied Bachelor of Science in Agriculture.
It had an exceptionally long life for a reactor of 43 years, being shut down in 1990.
The cathedral is dedicated to Saint Mary, Saint Kilian and Saint Liborius.
These were usually commissioned for sentimental reasons and were often worn as bracelets, brooches, pendants or rings with richly decorated frames, serving the same emotional need as lockets hiding portraits or locks of hair.
The post was first established as the Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Health for Scotland in 1919, before becoming the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland in 1926.
He succeeded his father Rabbi Elijah to the gaonate in 1083.
The other named species Liguriella pardus, which was described by S. Stillman Berry in 1916, is cited as a taxon inquirendum but it is suggested that there may be in fact more than one species and there are species yet to be described.
Megachile pyrrotricha is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.
The spectrin repeat forms a three-helix bundle.
The latter was childless and was succeeded by his half-brother, the third Baronet.
Brick's most successful brand is the Laker series.
Caelius Aconius Probianus (fl. 461-471) was a politician of the Western Roman Empire.
She was a long-time friend of fellow "Bohemian" and artist Dora Carrington.
Examples of strategy implementation by third parties are poison pills, people pills, white knights, white squires, Pac-Man defense, lobster traps, sandbagging, whitemail, and greenmail.
In bottom-up methods, a film is grown or deposited on a surface; in top-down methods, a larger structure is reduced until the desired state or structure is achieved.
Andrews was in the East India Company, in the Madras Civil Service, from 1778, and became Collector of Trinchinopoli.
It serves the community of Griswoldville in Wethersfield.
Stonebeck Up became a separate civil parish in 1866, and was transferred from the West Riding to North Yorkshire in 1974.
Arts Collaboratory is a program promoted by Hivos and DOEN Foundation to support independent visual arts organizations in Africa, Asia and Latin America and social innovation.
188 (one hundred [and] eighty-eight) is the natural number following 187 and preceding 189.
It later released titles for a wide array of gaming systems, including the Nintendo Entertainment System, Game Boy, Super NES, Dreamcast, 3DO, PlayStation, Sega Saturn, and PC-FX.
It is one of seven secondary schools in the Central Kitsap School District.
ChuChu Rocket! was a commercial and critical success.
Trask composed the music and lyrics for the stage musical Hedwig and the Angry Inch (also a 2001 film), about a transgender rock star named Hedwig.
Dalla-Longa is an officer of a company in Calgary called i3 Capital Partners Inc., a merchant bank focused on the energy and technology industries.
It is the second key provision, after Article 101, in TFEU competition law.
Corpus Callosum is said to be a "digital self-appraisal of [Snow's] work", showcasing his passion for visual manipulations through editing.
The concept of martyrdom was made explicitly part of Sikh teaching by Guru Nanak Dev Ji.
It is located within Central Province, most of the people's there are Muslims, the name of maanthopu came by catching a bog thinking as dear .
It was first visited by an archeologist in 1968, and its deteriorating figures (mainly due to weathering) have been recorded on a number of occasions since.
Since that time, the term has been broadly used in the works of numerous science fiction authors, across a variety of settings and continuities.
When listed in 1997, it was known as the "La Belle Cut Nail Plant, The Largest in the World, Wheeling Corrugating Company, A Division of Wheeling Pittsburgh Steel Corporation."
He is on the fourth place the all-time appearance leader in the Vyscha Liha.
Lipoamide acyltransferase component of branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase complex, mitochondrial is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the DBT gene.
In 1969, the school board was sued for failure to desegregate its public schools under federal court orders.
This article is regarding Philip Morris Korea Cup 1998.
Previously, Aaron Kamin is a member of the MPR group representatives.
Steamboat captains would stop to take on oak wood offered by a local farmer who lived in what is now Oakport Township.
Negahneewin is an Anishnawbe word that means "Leading the Way."
Idalus decisa is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Singles released from the album were successful in Indonesia: "Aku Memilih Setia" became the singer's first number-one single, "Dia Dia Dia" peaked at number sixteen on the iTunes song charts in Indonesia and "Cahaya Di Langit Itu" became the original soundtrack for the movie 99 Cahaya di Langit Eropa.
Topola is a village in the municipality of Jagodina, Serbia.
The "Apostate Picts" are the Southern Picts converted by Saint Ninian and ministered to by Palladius, and who had subsequently left Christianity.
A number of game series feature the names and characteristics of real teams and players, and are updated annually to reflect real-world changes.
He was state senator for the 17th District, which consists of all of Monroe, southern Washtenaw, and eastern Jackson counties, having taken office on January 1, 2007.
The Phairuang is a river of Mizoram, northeastern India.
Rajneesh Harvansh Singh is an Indian politician and a member of the Indian National Congress party.
The show's format combined the structure of the game of chance known as bingo with a word guessing game; contestants took turns guessing words and tried to guess enough of them to fill in enough spaces on a five-by-five card to form a line.
The game allows the user to make decisions for an imaginary person (being therefore the player's alter ego) and shows what possible consequences these decisions could have on that person.
She also studied political science, government, personnel management, behavioral aspects of management, labor relations, and equal opportunity at Morgan State University, the Community College of Baltimore, George Washington University, the University of Maryland, and Fisk University.
He is married to Khushnud and they have three daughters.
In 1885 the area of the three constituencies was split between the new smaller constituencies of Chesterfield, Mid Derbyshire, North-East Derbyshire, South Derbyshire, West Derbyshire, High Peak and Ilkeston.
The Guelph Memorial Gardens arena was demolished to make way for the new civic building.
Other clients have included Halston, Joan & David, Levitz, Bombay Company, Linens 'n Things, Zales, and Whitehall Jewelers.
Valeria Ciangottini (born 6 August 1945) is an Italian film, television and stage actress.
Johnson played his college football for Southern Methodist University and then signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders where he played three games in 1999.
This list outlines the names of popular lead film actors, who previously worked or are currently working in the Tamil film industry.
Microchirita is a genus of flowering plants in the family Gesneriaceae.
After the master's death in 1520, they worked together with other members of Raphael's workshop to finish the commission to decorate with frescoes the rooms that are now known as the Stanze di Raffaello, in the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican.
While exact numbers are not known, it is estimated that up to 600,000 Hungarians were captured altogether, including an estimated 200,000 civilians.
The vessel was then sent to the Mediterranean Sea in preparation for Operation Dragoon, the invasion of Southern France.
Rocio de la Villa (Madrid, 1959) is a Spanish university professor, art historian, curator, researcher and art critic.
In January 2013, Bishop's Move relocated the new Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, from Durham to Lambeth Palace.
Stevenson gave the car she won in her Miss Universe prize package to Rocha as a consolatory prize.
The title descended from father to son until the death of the second Baron's grandson, the fourth Baron, in 1999.
The stand off lasted for more than four hours.
He opposed his Christian-Platonic synthesis to Aristotelian philosophy.
It is an owner of Western Family Foods.
Zalmoxis is a genus of harvestmen, within the Zalmoxidae family.
Italian journalist Luigi Barzini also noted that funds were usually given to major Italian companies to build large scale, highly automated manufacturing plants, requiring huge amounts of money to build and needing minimal staffing due to the automated nature of the plants.
The album reached #23 rank in Oricon for first week.
Born in Iran, and raised in Turkey and Canada, Shiva started her career as a child performer.
The version for v2.0 and later, in contrast, is maintained by Apache Software Foundation and licensed under Apache License 2.0.
The concept combined technical aspects of a gyroplane, which GBA had been working on since the late 1980s, with a fixed-wing business jet.
Neoharmsia madagascariensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
A guitar speaker isolation cabinet is a sound-proof enclosure that surrounds the speaker and sound-capturing microphone and prevents sound leakage into the outside environment, enabling the amplifier to be turned up without excessive listening volume.
Soon after, she was working with El Chombo, a renowned producer in Panama.
Merritt and Donnelly became well known in Las Vegas after Donnelly was nicknamed "The Eyes of Dream Street" by the Las Vegas Sun and a photo of his eyes was plastered on newspapers and billboards all over town.
Borigaon is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India.
Fayette is an unincorporated community located in the town of Fayette, Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States.
They are identifiable from the distinct shape of the cephalothorax and their eye patterns.
This movement soon spread throughout northern Europe and became the driving force behind the wider Protestant Reformation.
It was responsible for the improvement and preservation of Sydney's port.
It opened in Los Angeles in February 2009 and was released on DVD in July 2009.
The building is cast in the Commercial style and features Classical Revival detailing, common for banks of the time period.
Both were later elevated to the peerage.
Toho has since trademarked the word "Zilla" and retroactively used it as an official name for the "Godzilla In Name Only" creature from the 1998 Roland Emmerich film.
It was released on January 22, 2016.
Tarang Music is a 24-hour music channel owned by Odisha Television Ltd of India.
The film features Saravanan, Rohini and Kaveri in the lead roles, with Napoleon, M. N. Nambiar, Janagaraj, Senthil, Silk Smitha and Manorama playing supporting roles.
In 2007 the band released its self-titled fourth album, which was the first to reach the top five of the Billboard 200 when it peaked at number 4.
Mordellistena epidendrana is a beetle in the Mordellistena genus, which is in the Mordellidae family.
From the latter, it is distinguished by having a narrower mouth, a more cylindrical body, and a longer preanal distance.
Maricet Espinosa (born January 2, 1990) is a Cuban judoka.
He has been a national editor of The New York Times, executive editor of The Philadelphia Inquirer from 1972 to 1990, and managing editor of The New York Times from 1994 to 1997.
Human Drama is an American alternative rock band led by singer/songwriter Johnny Indovina formed in 1985.
The Polynesian Dog (formerly Canis pacificus) refers to a few extinct varieties of domesticated pariah dogs from the islands of Polynesia.
A 1-minute teaser trailer was uploaded to YouTube the same day.
The Crewe and Nantwich by-election, 2008 was a parliamentary by-election held on 22 May 2008, for the British House of Commons constituency of Crewe and Nantwich, in Cheshire, England.
No Republican filed for the seat in the solidly Democratic district, and Candelaria ran unopposed in the November general election.
A member of the Michigan State House of Representatives, Scott was recalled on November 8, 2011.
Renegade's layout is a combination of an Out and Back roller coaster and a Twister roller coaster.
Plachka is a village in Dryanovo Municipality, in Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.
To earn the right to compete, they must face off against the winners of the other Alberta "B" leagues in the Russ Barnes Trophy.
This is a list of all constituencies that were in existence in the 1983 and 1987 General Elections.
The Christian Worldview Filmmakers Guild is also run in conjunction with the festival.
The company has developed the shoot 'em up game for the PC titled "Vanguard Ace."
Tamares was founded after the second World War by Shlomo Zabludowicz, an entrepreneur of Polish origin.
Spironolactone belongs to a class of medications known as potassium-sparing diuretics.
The organization serves the youth residing in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area.
It was released on 26 August 2016 as the album's fourth single.
On February 1, 2017 it was announced that ice hockey player Elzar Bolotbekov would be the country's flagbearer during the parade of nations at the opening ceremony.
In Your Face Sounds Familiar Kids, Ogie Alcasid replaces Madela, while Valenciano and Cuneta will reprise their roles as judges.
It was produced by Mariano Lopez Machi, former bassist of Invisible.
The Boy Scout and venture training programs merged in 2010.
The game was to use a modified version of the SPECIAL role-playing system, which had been implemented in the Fallout series.
In 1491, he was made Count of Guise, a title last held by his uncle Charles IV, Duke of Anjou.
The building was also home to early games of Six Nations indoor box lacrosse featuring star Harry Smith.
Jabbie made his full international debut for Sierra Leone on March 27, 2011, against Niger in a 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification played in Niger capital Niamey.
Splendida is a Fantasia-class cruise ship owned and operated by MSC Cruises.
The show premiered on March 12, 2018, and is produced by Florida TV.
A. N. Waterhouse, also known as Annie Newman Waterhouse (c. 1814 - 24 October 1896) was an English illustrator, woodcutter, engraver, and teacher.
Engeltjes reached the peak position in the Dutch album charts.
After over a year of waiting, many decided to sue the company, while others simply canceled their orders and went elsewhere.
In 2012, she won Pilsner Urquell's Master Homebrewer Competition held in San Francisco, where Master Brewer Vaclav Berka said the beer tasted like he was home.
The denomination has 1,500 - 2,000 members with 18 parishes and almost 40 house fellowships.
Her personal best was 2:35:43 hours.
Binalbagan Mayor Alejandro Mirasol defeated Negros Occidental Provincial Board Member Emilio Yulo in the election.
Palmer a.k.a.
It provides teachers with an intuitive visual authoring environment for creating sequences of learning activities.
Wazi Abdul Hamid (born 1971) is a veteran motorcycle cub prix rider from Malaysia, winning the 1996 125 cc.
It began in Antena 3 Radio on May 1992.
The album debuted at #10 on the Billboard 200 with 93,000 copies sold in the first week.
He has been the mayor of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, since December 1, 2014.
The maximum number of candidates was found in the Ziro constituency, with six candidates.
Mohamed Salim Obeid is a football player from the United Arab Emirates, its position was Midfielder who played for United Arab Emirates in the 1984 Asian Cup.
It was first discovered in the Caribbean Sea off the coast of Colombia and was described in 1976.
The Coordinating Committee of Communist Parties in Britain is a bureau within the Communist Party of Britain which meets with overseas communist parties that have memberships in Britain.
The United States Air Force's 9th Combat Operations Squadron, previously known as the 9th Space Operations Squadron, is a Air Force Reserve Command space operations unit located at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California.
Some of Ball's stories have been reprinted from the 1970s onward, most notably in the celebrated Ballantine Adult Fantasy series edited by Lin Carter.
The motion is similar to the motions of coin or a tire wobbling on the ground after being dropped with the flat side down.
James McDonald was a nationalist politician in Northern Ireland.
The album reached No. 4 in the UK album chart and the early release of the packaging had a hologram cover.
The House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Wiesenburg was one of the many cadet branches of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg, itself a junior line of the Oldenburg dynasty.
The Hawks played in the Midwest Division of the Central Conference.
Initial reports focused on an attack by Sudan People's Liberation Movement North as a likely cause of the crash, but Sudan's information minister later stated to Radio Omdurman that bad weather had caused the plane to crash into a hill.
The CD features the original 7-song vinyl LP's track listing, while "The Six Strings That Drew Blood" is featured as a bonus audio track on the accompanying DVD.
EuroPsy (or European Certificate in Psychology) is a professional qualification, which is setting standards of education, training and competence for psychologists.
Ward's research has been featured in New York Magazine, The Guardian, Forbes, Salon, Newsweek, Huffington Post, Cosmopolitan, and Vice.
Two Gophers from Texas is a 1948 Merrie Melodies short starring the Goofy Gophers directed by Arthur Davis and produced by Eddie Selzer.
MacMurdo's Bungalow is a bungalow in Anjar town of Kutch district, Gujarat, India.
In humans the metabolite is mostly formed in the liver, and causes liver toxicity.
Adelphi is a settlement on the island of Saint Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands.
KeyBase provides a medium where pathway keys which where traditionally developed for print and other classical types of media, can be used more effectively in the internet environment.
Richard released album "Steve Richard" in 2008 and "Up to Somethin'" in 2009, produced by Phil O'Donnell and recorded at Reba McEntire's Starstruck Studios and at Nashville's Legends Studio.
Similar to the Stereo Realist, the camera employed two lenses to take twin shots of scenes, which could then be viewed in dedicated image viewers.
An 1883 county history describes Point Pleasant, but notes that "this was a paper town only."
Aleska Diamond (born 6 August 1988) is a Hungarian former pornographic actress.
Gold coins of similar style were also issued at this time (staters and half-staters) which featured the same obverse type as the quadrigatus and the reverse type of two soldiers performing an oath over a third soldier holding a pig, with the inscription "ROMA" below.
LeFlore is the cousin of former MLB outfielder Todd Steverson.
The Pied Piper and it involves Porky trying to stop a cat that disguises himself as the last rat to bring the rats back for the local cats, and later, to get the reward money back from the cat, by playing a clarinet.
In 2013 about 8 million stabbings occurred.
When considered conspecific with the other members from its genus, S. erythrothorax is considered to be of least concern by IUCN.
She has previously played for Chicago Red Stars in the NWSL, Espanyol in the Superliga Femenina, and Adelaide United in the Australian W-League.
The group of skilled cavers and climbers has multiple roles, engaging in cave exploration and research, avian rescue, and rare plant discovery.
The tournament featured 12 teams, playing a total of 42 matches.
The Jersey Spartan Athletics Club or JSAC is an athletics club based in Jersey, at the FB Playing Fields, in St. Clement.
The Times-Reporter is related to three other GateHouse newspapers in Northeast Ohio, the dailies The Independent of Massillon and The Repository of Canton, and the weekly The Suburbanite in southern Summit County.
Military art includes the study and application of the principles of warfare and laws of war that apply equally to the closely interrelated military strategy, operational art and tactics.
However, environmental and health concerns led to a transition to C6 fluorocarbon-based finishes and the development of alternative chemistries, such as ChemStik technology, a solvent-free process involving the on-surface polymerization of hydrocarbon chains.
His new assistant, Ed Witwer, must have corrupted the system in an attempt to oust him from the position.
Electronic notetaking began in the 1990s, when the disability legislation changed, such as the Disability Discrimination Act (DDA) in the UK which provided more support.
UVO eServices is a subscription-free OEM infotainment and telematics service offered by Kia Motors America on select vehicles for the United States market.
He also played for Parramatta Power before moving to Singapore to play for Balestier Khalsa.
The Guatemala plateau frog (Lithobates macroglossa) is a species of frog in the family Ranidae.
They were part of the second wave of punk rock music and toured extensively throughout the United States and Europe, recording several EP's.
After earning a Master of Arts at Oxford University in 1960, McLachlan established the department of comparative literature at the University of Hong Kong before joining the faculty of Trent University in 1970.
The show was described as "fantastic" by top podcast The Daily Reel.
To break away from her disappointing life, at 18 Rebecca enrolls at the Rogers Academy, a military school meant to raise future soldiers, private agents and body guards.
Darren Storsley, the organizer of the Miss B.C. World pageant, was named Mr. World Canada in 2007.
This species is known as the C'waam by the local Native American Nation, the Klamath Tribes.
Fannia mollissima is a species of flies in the family Fanniidae.
Long Geng Airport (ICAO: WBGE) is located in Long Geng, Malaysia.
Merthyr Tydfil County Borough Council (Welsh: Cyngor bwrdeistref Sirol Merthyr Tudful) is the governing body for Merthyr Tydfil County Borough, one of the Principal Areas of Wales.
S. Ilavazhagi also known as S. Ilavazhaki (born 1984) is an Indian who has twice won the carrom world cup.
From its two parallel lines through eastern Mississippi, the GM&O also served Montgomery and Birmingham, Alabama, as well as Memphis, Tennessee.
Then, as a response to a rebellion the following year, a second castle was built on the opposite side of the river.
Enniskillen Town United have won the coveted Irish Junior Cup twice in their 40-year history, once in 1994 and again in 2007.
The Middle Marches, also known as the Mittelmarch, are a fictional land found in the Von Bek series of novels written by Michael Moorcock.
Eleutherodactylus adelus is a species of frogs in the family Eleutherodactylidae.
The show ran for 130 episodes and reruns continued to air on the channel until September 29, 1991.Four VHS tapes and Betamax tapes were released by Walt Disney Home Video in the mid-1980s for the then new video home rental market.
The school was founded in 1987.The school is ranked the best boarding school for girls in India.
Monster's Ball is a 2001 American drama film directed by Marc Forster, written by Milo Addica and Will Rokos as an original screenplay, and starring Billy Bob Thornton, Halle Berry, Heath Ledger, Peter Boyle, Sean Combs, and Mos Def.
It was released in December 2008 - June 2009.
Measures, like those promoted by Henry George in his economics classic Progress and Poverty, are those that raise, or are intended to raise, ways of enabling the poor to create wealth for themselves as a means of ending poverty forever.
Race Creek was named for an old mill race along its course.
The United Independents were a centrist oriented local body electoral ticket in Auckland, New Zealand.
Some guardhouses also function as jails.
The Society's most prestigious award, it is given in memory of Augustus De Morgan, who was the first President of the society.
Herbert Dreiseitl (born 1955) is a sculptor, artist, landscape architect and interdisciplinary urban planner.
His best known song (originally written during his tenure in Buffalo Springfield, but eventually performed by Poco, as well) was Kind Woman, which he wrote for his wife, Nancy.
Live Communications Server 2005 (LCS 2005), codenamed Vienna, is the second version of a SIP based instant messaging and presence server after Live Communications Server 2003.
He invented the time-release medication capsule, which would release medicine slowly into the bloodstream.
Toho, the Japanese company which owns the licensing rights to Godzilla, has in recent years become aggressive about protecting its intellectual property and has sued or sent cease-and-desist letters to individuals, groups or businesses it believes may be infringing upon its rights.
Somewhat larger than the 747, this aircraft was similar in concept to the McDonnell Douglas MD-12 and later Airbus A380.
Keane-Collopy members are estimated to own more than 30 properties in the Limerick suburb of St. Mary's Park, where the gang is based.
It first aired on 14 January 1996.
They were Friars Minor killed at Ceuta.
There are about 7-12 million inhabitants in the region speaking the Mashi or Shi language.
The original studio album was later released in 1999 as The Lost Trident Sessions.
He has made a significant number of publications in academic journals and has also edited and translated several books.
The table is based on data spanning from 1961 to 2013 from the Global Footprint Network's National Footprint Accounts published in 2016.
Prior to that, it was also successful on the US Dance chart, where it spent two weeks at number one in late 1991.
It was released by Mayfair Games in 1993 as a commentary on the politics and society of the early 1990s as expressed through the year 2021.
It was Wiseman's third film after Titicut Follies (1967) and High School (1968).
Her first appearance was as part of the Serpent Squad where they tried to retrieve the Serpent Crown only to be thwarted by Thing, Stingray and Triton.
The band's debut album, Walthamstow, shot to No. 1 on the UK Albums Chart.
The group released their debut album, Nothing Hurts, on 11 May 2010.
Scoliacma fasciata is a moth in the family Erebidae.
In 2004 it conducted a symposium on James Drummond.
Ensembl genome database project is a joint scientific project between the European Bioinformatics Institute and the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, which was launched in 1999 in response to the imminent completion of the Human Genome Project.
They have garnered acclaim for their energetic and intense live shows.
Following a period of inactivity, the college was re-founded in Reno, Nevada in 1886.
In 1999 it featured on the Channel 4 program Grand Designs.
Saga is a genus of bush crickets (family Tettigoniidae) containing around 15 species.
Nearby is the Marlton housing development.
It pertains to the realm of Generative art.
Two other live albums recorded by this same lineup are Pure Jerry: Warner Theater, March 18, 1978 and Pure Jerry: Bay Area 1978.
Robert Murray Bohn Sikol is a ni-Vanuatu politician.
Villianur taluk is one of four taluks in the Pondicherry District of the union territory of Puducherry.
Astydamia is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with 2 species.
He primarily produces EDM, Hip Hop, R&B, Pop and Fusion Music and is influenced by American producers such as Kanye West, Dr Dre, Timbaland and others.
It continued its dogged resistance to the occupation up to the withdrawal of Israeli troops from the Lebanese capital.
Following is the list of village in Sangamner tehsil.
Their second and third medals came in 2010 and 2014 in the women's high jump, 2 bronzes from Levern Spencer.
The synagogue's architecture and layout is based on the former Great Synagogue of Algiers.
Evolution can be visualized as the process of sampling nearby sequences in sequence space and moving to any with improved fitness over the current one.
The 1994 ADAC Super Touren Wagen Cup was the first edition of the Super Tourenwagen Cup (STW).
Head of the Housatonic is a 2.3 mile head race held in October.
Earlier he coached the Larensche Mixed Hockey Club men's team.
The song failed to chart, yet it received generally positive critical attention.
Experts on the Dutch Barn include Harold Zoch, who is Schoharie County Historian.
He then signed with the Hershey Wildcats where he played three seasons.
The book was released on November 13, 2012 by FaithWords and centers on a self-centered businessman who discovers another world after being struck comatose by a sudden ailment.
The ground color of the forewings is fawn.
However, it did not sell and so remained with the Duchesse, who moved it to Austria in 1868.
Amber's Brewing Co. Inc. was a microbrewery located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
The school is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Memphis and follows Catholic principles but is not run by the diocese.
He won the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 2015.
And thus allowed the user to change its functionality.
It was also known as Fire on the Wind.
Prior to the album, West had received praise for his production work for rappers such as Jay-Z and Talib Kweli, but faced difficulty being accepted as an artist in his own right by figures in the music industry.
Bond of Fear is a 1956 British crime drama film directed by Henry Cass.
Any reaction between the probe and the immobilized protein emits a fluorescent signal that is read by a laser scanner.
Beyond Flesh and Blood is a third-person shooter video game developed by British independent video game development company Pixelbomb Games and published by Sold Out for Microsoft Windows.
Dr. Dewell Gann, Sr., and his family lived in the house; Gann, Sr., was a prominent local surgeon, while his son, Dewell Gann, Jr., served as chief of staff of St. Vincent Infirmary in Little Rock.
Plymouth was a parliamentary borough in Devon, which elected two members of parliament (MPs) to the House of Commons in 1298 and again from 1442 until 1918, when the borough was merged with the neighboring Devonport and the combined area divided into three single-member constituencies.
It peaked at number one on the Australian Albums Chart; number two on the Canadian Albums Chart, French and New Zealand Albums Chart; and number three in the UK Albums Chart.
Linking men through their experience of the war, the GAR became among the first organized advocacy group in American politics, supporting voting rights for black veterans, lobbying the US Congress to establish veterans' pensions, and supporting Republican political candidates.
E G Wrigley & Co Limited was a British tool maker, car component, and mechanical parts manufacturer, located at Foundry Lane, Soho, Birmingham active from 1897 to 1923.
The name treachery was chosen because it is a synonym for treason.
The single species of this genus, Lithosticta macra, commonly known as a rock narrow-wing, is endemic to Arnhem Land in Northern Territory, where it inhabits streams and rivers.
During the 2013-2015 legislative biennium session, Baertschiger vice-chaired the Senate Committee on Rural Communities and Economic Development, as well as served on the Senate Committee on General Government, Consumer and Small Business Protection, and the Senate Committee on Finance and Revenue.
The Salaga South constituency is located in the East Gonja district of the Northern Region of Ghana.
The town's name was formed from the abbreviations of Arkansas and Missouri, along with the first three initials of its founder, Wilson.
He is currently at work on a new historical novel set in the United States before the Civil War.
The Flying Santa flights have continued uninterrupted, apart from one year during World War II, since 1929; helicopters are now used instead of planes.
Owen likewise linked his Freckled Cow with a number of similar cows such as one over the border in Shropshire: "There she is known as The White Cow of Mitchell's Fold".
The district's boundaries parallel that of Tunica County.
The intent of such publications is typically to expose shortcomings in a journal's peer review process or to criticize the standards of pay-to-publish journals.
Bose Omolayo (born 1 February 1989) is a Nigerian powerlifter.
Platyrhiza is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.
KWKH (1130 AM) is a sports radio station serving Shreveport, Louisiana.
Margaret Carver Leighton (December 20, 1896 - June 19, 1987) was an American children's writer.
Mongul is the name of two fictional supervillains that appear in comic books published by DC Comics.
The show integrates clips from The Tonight Show, which is the only place where Johnny Carson's face is seen.
The boundaries of Ragunan Kelurahan are Pejaten Barat Street to the north, Cilandak KKO Street to the west, Kebagusan Raya Street to the east, and Sagu Street to the south.
He was sworn in on March 6, 1911.
For the 1992 Olympics, 'Lechner A-390 was an Olympic Class.
In 2009 the National Book Foundation named her a 5 under 35 honoree.
Salaparuta is a town and comune in South-Western Sicily, Italy, in the valley of the Belice river, administratively part of the province of Trapani.
Freeman Lindsay was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
From 1996-2017, she was the chief curator and associate director of the Vancouver Art Gallery in British Columbia, Canada.
The Deva Spark is an adventure module for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
Their most successful single was "Ghaint Patola", which charted at #2 and peaked at #1 on the iTunes Store Top 10 World Song Chart in April 2011.
Herbert Marshall's character as a prominent Senator eventually comes to appreciate her insights into human nature as well as her skill and they become close friends.
The 1924 Oglethorpe Stormy Petrels football team represented the Oglethorpe Stormy Petrels of Oglethorpe University.
The self-control theory of crime suggests that individuals who were ineffectually parented before the age of ten develop less self-control than individuals of approximately the same age who were raised with better parenting.
Unlike its predecessor the emphasis was mainly on heterosexual pornography.
Thirty-one players were named Academic All-Big Ten.
Three to five eggs are laid in a nest in a tree or a bush.
It is often regarded as among the first city building games and god games.
He was archbishop of Paris, France, and French Chancellor.
This is a list of South Korean films that received a domestic theatrical release in 2015.
The show also had two courtroom sketch artists during the course of the show (1 appearing at a time), Nobi Nakanishi and Asha Canalos.
The headquarters of the OWHC are located in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.
Ernest Louis de Gonzague Vandenpeereboom (Kortrijk, 12 July 1807-Ypres, 11 November 1875) was a Belgian doctor in law, industrialist (textile) and liberal politician.
This season featured 20 teams, an expansion of eight clubs, split into two groups of 10.
Preston is an area in central Nova Scotia, Canada in the Halifax Regional Municipality, located on Trunk 7.
The most recent review consider it likely that it is extant, as locals have reported sightings in the 1970s and 1980s, an individual was apparently held in captivity until the early 1990s, and a few patches of forest remain in its presumed range.
Ancillary data is standardized by SMPTE as SMPTE 291M: Ancillary Data Packet and Space Formatting.
Spanish mythology refers to the sacred myths of the cultures of Spain.
Their projects use fine art photography, museum-quality exhibitions, digital video, websites, and explanatory text.
Waldemar Blatskauskas (17 March 1938 - 6 March 1964) was a Brazilian basketball player.
On October 27, 2014, Prettyman independently released an EP, "Back To Home".
Millham was incorporated as a township by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 10, 1882, from portions of Lawrence Township.
Two men, also the group's future founding fathers, Mando Fonseca and Royce "The Voice" Reynolds, decided to start an a cappella group.
F. Hatton (first name and dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) who was active in the 1810s.
Rhyssomatus annectens is a species of true weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae.
In 1964, there was a confrontation between Banda and most of his ministers, which led to the sacking of Bwanausi and two of his cabinet colleagues in September 1964.
The Gund Institute for Environment (founded 1992), formerly known as the Gund Institute for Ecological Economics and more commonly known as Gund Institute, is a research institute for transdisciplinary scholarship, based at the University of Vermont (UVM) and comprising diverse faculty, students, and collaborators worldwide.
In total, she has won 16 awards from 57 nominations.
Later the Akan kept migrating southward toward the coast, where they took over considerable area.
It was developed by Big Ant Studios for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
OpenAM originated as OpenSSO, an access management system created by Sun Microsystems and now owned by Oracle Corporation.
Spiro T. Agnew, who went on to become Governor of Maryland and the Vice President of the United States under Richard Nixon, resigning in disgrace due to scandal; and Dutch Ruppersberger, who currently represents the 2nd Congressional District of Maryland in the United States House of Representatives.
The cup winner is guaranteed a place in the 2017 AFC Cup.
He then broke with Muluzi over the latter's attempt to have the constitution changed so that he could run for a third term of office.
Tabissi is a village in the Zoaga Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso.
This season comprised twelve races at eleven different venues, seven of which were contested on oval courses.
It enrolls approximately 1900 students.
The series follows a single father who decides to get away from New York City to the suburbs so he can give his teenage daughter a better life.
Men as old as 105 and women in their 100s have competed in running, jumping and throwing events.
It was released by Warner Bros. on July 19, 1941.
Gamou is a village and rural commune in Niger.
As of 2016, Dream Theater has released thirteen studio albums.
Rutenberg Power Station is a coal-powered power plant situated on the Mediterranean coast in Ashkelon, Israel.
Christina Smith (born 25 December 1968) is a Canadian bobsledder.
He is currently Director of Engineering at Google where he is leading the Quantum Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.
Nicola is the trade name of the apple cultivar SPA440, a cross between the apples 'Splendor' and 'Gala' made at the Pacific Agri-Food Research Center (PARC), Summerland, BC.
Imagocnus is an extinct genus of ground sloth from the early Miocene of Cuba.
Erskine became renowned as an excellent, albeit unorthodox, advocate; Gordon, on the other hand, was later excommunicated and imprisoned, dying in jail in 1793.
Bred in the early 1990s from various hair sheep breeds, the Meatmaster was created with the goal of improving the meat characteristics of African fat-tailed sheep breeds.
Telecom settled out of court in 2005 after a long-running battle.
The Bill Gunn Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam with an un-gated spillway located off-stream in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.
Interactions with ankyrin-G (ankyrin-3) are crucial to the localisation of voltage-gated sodium channels (VGSCs) at the axon initial segment and for neurons to initiate action potentials.
The Newburgh Sting is a 2014 documentary film about the Federal Bureau of Investigation's sting operation on four Muslim men involved in the 2009 Bronx terrorism plot.
The list excludes works that were alternate histories, which were composed after the dates they depict.
It was rebranded as Myanmar International Television in April 2010.
It consists of Howrah municipal corporation and five community development blocs: Bally Jagacha, Domjur, Panchla, Sankrail and Jagatballavpur.
The denomination 284 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Selena Jane Malijarri Uibo (born 25 March 1985) is an Australian politician.
They will all be filmed and set in Scotland, using the same characters and cast.
Mehta oversees the entire operations of Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision and is responsible for the day-to-day operations.
At 4:45am, Tuesday 12 December 1882, 29 miners became trapped underground by flood waters that came from the flooded parallel-sunk No.1 mine shaft, only five men survived and made it to the surface.
More after the vote count ended in a tie.
Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and a remake of the 1962 film of the same name.
The act, which would be called the Anti-Coolie Act of 1862 in short, was passed by the California legislature in an attempt to appease rising anger among white laborers about salary competition created by the influx of Chinese immigrants at the height of the California gold rush.
Cibolo Creek Ranch is a historic place in Presidio County, Texas, United States.
The events came as part of the aftermath of the Tunisian Revolution which ousted the country's longtime president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, followed by a general election which saw Ennahda win a plurality alongside Moncef Marzouki's allied Congress for the Republic (CPR).
It is notable that Lord Hope remarked that the right to paid holidays is probably best interpreted as requiring that workers may take a whole week at a time, rather than individual days.
Selection bias is the bias introduced by the selection of individuals, groups or data for analysis in such a way that proper randomization is not achieved, thereby ensuring that the sample obtained is not representative of the population intended to be analyzed.
He oversees the provision of legal advice to the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center (NCCIC), the largest cyber operations center in the civilian government.
In the song the dancer is bemoaning how unlucky he is.
The post has been based at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, which was created in 1968, by the merger of the Foreign Office, where the position was initially based, and the Commonwealth Office.
He was buried according to his wish at Kochi.
Strabena perroti is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
Julian began his coaching career working for the Washington State University cross country team, taking the team to the NCAA Division I Men's Cross Country Championship.
The player is depicted as a person in a bio-mechanical suit hired by Jurassic Park to bring power back to the electrified fences and capture all the free-roaming dinosaurs.
Swagger Creek is a stream in Clackamas County, Oregon, in the United States.
It first came into existence on 9 July 1949 when the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) became solely responsible for the Department of Defense's ocean transport needs.
Other applications of darkrooms include the use in nondestructive testing, such as magnetic particle inspection.
All personnel have completed the Pre Parachute Selection (P Company) course at Depot PARA at Catterick, North Yorkshire (previously Aldershot, Hampshire), entitling them to wear the maroon beret.
It is to Bortolazzi that we are indebted for the first revival of the mandolin as a popular instrument, a popularity which lasted for about thirty years and caused most of the great musicians of that time to compose for it."Bortolazzi was born to musical parents, and when quite a child studied the mandolin.
He and his brother Farma G are both sons of the late musician Peet Coombes.
War Eagle Cove is an unincorporated community in Brush Creek Township, Washington County, Arkansas, United States.
He played for Transport, Drumcondra, Dundalk and Shelbourne at club level, winning the league title with Drumcondra in 1965 and Dundalk in 1967.
The series focuses three musical 'Freewave' renegades that make up the fictional band of the same name, who using the power of the Thirteenth Note, a mystical musical energy source, take part in musical battles against antagonist band Mantyz in order to keep their home city of Los Bosmos safe from the evil Sonic Lord known as Vox and the money-making schemes of Mya De Zya, the head of ComaCo, a record label and corporation who produce manufactured 'prepsi' musical acts.
Ann-Kristin "Kikki" Danielsson (born 10 May 1952) is a Swedish country, dansband and pop singer.
Gray Hill Esq and his wife, also traveling in 1895, met the Hameideh south of Madeba.
Eois ingrataria is a moth in the family Geometridae.
Tularia is a genus of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Flabellinidae.
The Grave Diggers were an American rockabilly, surf, jazz, punk band.
Ali Chebah (born September 30, 1985) is a French-Algerian professional boxer in the light welterweight division.
He also taught economics at the Dominica State College.
He did not complete the individual event as he was eliminated after a fall during the cross-country stage.
The SS Princess Elaine was a steamship that was built in 1928 by John Brown & Company, Clydebank, Scotland.
The average elevation in this woreda is 1150 meters above sea level.
In 2009 in response to a statement by JAWS, the IFJ issued another statement supporting the organization in discouraging the harassment of journalists at the Samoan courts.
He is a member of the New Patriotic Party and the deputy minister for health in Ghana.
The unifying color for Imperial's academic dress is purple after the work by William Henry Perkin .
This was his first of the three consecutive hits at the box-office on debut which gave him the title Hat-trick Hero.
He was also the Archdeacon of Emly from 1723 to 1724.
Mark Rudman (born 1948 New York City) is an American poet.
Bernhard Willhelm (born 12 November, 1972) is a German fashion designer.
These emotions, along with the view on the LGBT community, paved the way for a new generation of artists.
The International Journal of Wireless Information Networks is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on wireless networks, including sensor networks, mobile ad hoc networks, wireless personal area networks, wireless LANs, indoor positioning systems, wireless health, body area networking, cyber-physical systems, and RFID techniques.
He retired in May 2011 after 28 years as a Congressional staff member.
The extension of the franchise to all men over 21 followed social unrest referred to as "Andorra's revolution".
The primary election to select the Democratic and Republican candidates had been held previously, on April 24, 2012.
He subsequently starred in the fantasy drama film A Monster Calls (2016), and the road trip drama film Boundaries (2018).
Gabriel Grapperon is a French animator and filmmaker, best known for his computer-animated short film, Garden Party (2017), for which he received critical acclaim and was co-nominated for Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at 90th Academy Awards.
In contrast, the music itself is some of Current 93's most traditional, relying heavily on acoustic guitar.
Johnston was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Calgary-Hays as a Progressive Conservative.
The area was named by Benjamin Ware, a hotelier who developed Clifton with the intention of creating a resort area.
The south tower of Shanghai IFC and part of the multistorey building was completed in 2009, while the north tower and the rest of the complex was completed in 2010.
London Pride has been brewed beside the River Thames at the Griffin Brewery since the 1950s.
Mathiyampatti lake is located northeast of Mathiyampatti village of Vennandur block in Namakkl district of Tamil Nadu, India.
Hidrosis is the process of activating the sweat glands via M3 receptors.
After making his first-class umpiring debut in the 1982-83 season, Emerson was promoted to the National Umpires panel in 1993-94.
The cuisine of California is the local cuisine of the U.S. state of California.
The commentary uses the King James Version of the Bible as its text.
In the 2011 census, Georgetown had a population of 243 people.
The music video was available for viewing on AOL Music on May 31, 2005.
It is the only species in the genus Distoechurus.
Lybius is a genus of African barbets from the family Lybiidae (formerly included in the Capitonidae and sometimes in the Ramphastidae).
It is essentially an opportunity for the Rastafari to congregate and engage in praise and worship.
Jaluit High School is a boarding school that serves students from Jaluit Atoll and the southern atolls of Ebon, Ailinglaplap, Namu, Kili, Namdrik and Jabat.
The network comprises main highways and several major and minor country roads.
An adrenal crisis can be triggered by stress, such as from an injury, surgery, or infection.
The film served as the basis of the 1935 film of the same name directed by Alan Crosland.
He also hosts the KLAA 830 AM program ESPN Morning Show, co-hosted by Kelvin Washington.
The program was first hosted by Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) chair and Toronto City Councilor Adam Giambrone.
In 2014, the band reformed for a charity fundraiser and have since made a number of other appearances.
Playing at the Foxes, they then beat the Sabers at Taunton.
The singles draw was headlined by Pete Sampras.
Comilla Adarsha Sadar is an Upazila of Comilla District in the Division of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
He would move with his family during the Great Depression to Chicago where the family owned the New Wilson Village, an Uptown restaurant.
Petra Diamonds' focus has shifted from exploration to production, becoming one of the largest independent producers of diamonds in Africa.
The earliest non-paper products involving printing include cylinder seals and objects such as the Cyrus Cylinder and the Cylinders of Nabonidus.
English is the official operating language of the Collegio.
James H. Page is an American businessperson and Chancellor of the University of Maine system.
The original Baum novel has no reference to Jitterbugs, but the Wicked Witch sends out a swarm of bees to sting Dorothy and her friends to death in Chapter 12, an attack that is thwarted by the Scarecrow and Tin Woodman.
His productions include Fewer Emergencies by Martin Crimp at the Royal Court (2005), Glengarry Glen Ross in the West End (2007), The world premiere of The Arrest of Ai Weiwei at the Hampstead Theater (2013) and Bakkhai at Almeida Theater in 2015.James Macdonald is on the board of Stage Directors UK.
Christine Poulin is a politician in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The principal objective of this project was to modernize the structure and operation of the Library and to increase services to borrowers and users with a view to transforming the Library into an information center of truly national proportions.
Machine translation is a sub-field of computational linguistics that investigates the use of software to translate text or speech from one natural language to another.
Today, Thomondgate is a mainly working class district of the city and has grown rapidly over the past years.
As one of few professional theaters in the area, Riverside allows a platform for artists to work professionally.
Nearly one out of every five people in the country is not a member of a religious organization, and the number of people with no religious affiliation has doubled in two decades.
He has represented England from under-19 to under-21 levels.
It serves the Fairmount Line and has limited service on the Franklin Line.
Index is a town in Snohomish County, Washington, United States.
This requires the mold cavity size to be smaller than the final part.
The microorganisms found on the plastic debris include autotrophs, heterotrophs and symbionts.
The Rizeigat, or Rizigat, or Rezeigat (Standard Arabic Rizayqat) are a Muslim and Arabic tribe of the nomadic Bedouin Baggara (Standard Arabic Baqqara) people in Sudan's Darfur region.
Cocceius Auctus also built the original Pantheon in Rome.
Somerset Street is a street in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Both parties were then called upon to intensify demining efforts and destroy stockpiles of land mines which would be monitored by UNAVEM III.
It was released in the United States on July 19, 2011 as a Digital Download as the lead single from their debut studio album Breakfast.
What is clear is that he died in Rome after traveling there for confirmation by the papacy of his elevation to the archbishopric.
His luck was no better the next year at the Tampa Bay Mutiny, as he again scored only one goal and was waived shortly thereafter.
Lestocq's catchphrase was "Goody, Goody Gumdrops" and Mr. Turnip's was "Lawky, Lawky, Lum".
At the time of the DART mission, only the Russian Space Agency and JAXA (formerly NASDA) had autonomous space craft navigation.
On is the thirteenth studio album by American soul and funk group The Isley Brothers, released June 7, 1975 on T-Neck Records and Epic Records.
The Hottest State is a 2006 drama film directed and written by Ethan Hawke, which he based on the novel of the same name that he had written and published ten years earlier, in 1996.
Subsequently, he graduated from the C&S Government College, Shikarpur and also graduated in Law from the University of Sindh in 1971.
Cicada killers exert a measure of natural control on cicada populations and thus may directly benefit the deciduous trees upon which their cicada prey feed.
He died in 1993 after apparently choking on a sandwich.
Sphaceloma menthae is a plant pathogen infecting mint.
Disgregus bezarki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Disgregus.
She first appeared in 2003 and remained until the show's cancelation in 2006.
It resulted in a cut to his face, although he was eventually fit to continue till the end of the game.
In the United States, a health maintenance organization (HMO) is a medical insurance group that provides health services for a fixed annual fee.
The Siren is a sculpture by Norman J. Gitzen in Wellington, Florida.
In one informal survey of grapebreeders who grow hybrid grapes and make wine from them, Cayuga was the most-popular answer to the question "Which hybrid grape is the easiest to grow and make good wine from?"
The Newburgh Hummingbirds were a North Atlantic League baseball team based in Newburgh, New York, United States that played for part of the 1946 season.
The monastery consists of a large Dukhang or assembly hall which has some grand statues of Buddhist figures and several small stupas in clay, bronze, wood and copper.
Acraea leucographa, the Ribbe's glassy acraea, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
Colin Graham Frederick Hayes RA (17 November 1919 - 1 November 2003) was a British artist who worked in both oils and watercolors and who, through his teaching and his books, influenced several highly renowned younger artists.
Hamburg Panthers is a futsal club based in Hamburg, Germany, the club was founded in 2011.
He stood for re-election in 1994 as a Republican in the newly-drawn 11th District and lost to Ken DeBeaussaert.
European Bike Week is an annual motorcycle rally held at Lake Faak in Austria.
Lincolnshire County Cricket Club is one of twenty minor county clubs within the domestic cricket structure of England and Wales.
The term Swallow is used colloquially in Europe as a synonym for the barn swallow.
Born in Thanet in Kent, Cusden played for Kent County Cricket Club between 2004 and 2006.
Cave and Riddell were awarded the very first international UNESCO prize for Children's and Young People's Literature in the Service of Tolerance for Something Else.
The Lure of Hollywood is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
Subsequently the first marshal training day was held in February 1996 at Donington Park and the first meeting marshaled by Racesafe took place at Donington in April of that year.
Most South American federations are part of CONMEBOL (the South American Football Confederation), with a few exceptions, namely the associations based in The Guianas, which are part of CONCACAF (the North American Football Confederation), and the Falklands Islands.
Described by the creators as a cross between The Golden Girls and Murder, She Wrote, the series focuses on Nelson (Zook), Wood (Dietl) and Reggie (Copp), three gay bear friends sharing a house in Los Angeles' Silver Lake neighborhood who, in each season, are drawn into a different murder investigation which plays out as a season-long story arc.
It's Casual, which has released three studio albums on CD/LP and played with bands such as Story of the Year, Mastodon, High on Fire, Zeke, Fu Manchu, and Death by Stereo.
Prevailing stereotypes about the sexes have caused certain media, such as textile or fiber arts, to be primarily associated with women, despite having once been categories both men and women participated in.
Inborn errors of renal tubular transport are metabolic disorders which lead to impairment in the ability of solutes, such as salts or amino acids, to be transported across the brush border of the renal tubule.
Following his marriage in 1594, he lived at Stow.
The Black and White Ball was a masquerade ball held on November 28, 1966 at the Plaza Hotel in New York City.
He made his first-class cricket debut for Goa in 2009/10.
It was discovered in the Fayetteville Formation, known from a single, possibly crushed, skull.
His research on the viral respiratory disease SARS allowed the Chinese government to successfully avert the 2004 outbreak of this disease.
It was originally recorded by Dionne Warwick in 1964, who charted at number 34 in the US Billboard Hot 100 with her version.
It was named after Romia Lewis, the daughter of the first postmaster, Ollie E. Lewis.
The song is also featured on the Step Up 2: The Streets soundtrack.
Construction of the building to house the institute started in 2013 and finished in 2015.
She appeared in the following films: Percy, Rogue Male, The Human Factor, and The Godsend.
Mount Eerie is the musical project of Anacortes, Washington-based songwriter and producer Phil Elverum.
Inape semuncus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Peru.
IAGA is one of the eight associations of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics.
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Rufus (or, less frequently, year 836 Ab urbe condita).
This was the final single from Tomorrow's World in all territories except Germany, where "A Whole Lotta Love Run Riot" was released as a download single only.
Caileigh graduated from Mount Douglas Secondary in 2014 and started at University of California in fall of 2014.
Nuclear engineers at the University of Wisconsin, Madison have explored the possibilities of producing minuscule batteries which exploit the decrease in the number of radioactive nuclei of substances such as polonium or curium to produce electric energy.
As the temperature of material increases, hardness decreases and at some point a drastic change in hardness occurs.
An agile wicketkeeper, Pinnington long suffered from being considered second choice behind the reliable Mark Atkinson.
The station broadcasts on 93.2 megahertz to the town of Tavua, and on 93.4 megahertz to Rakiraki and Nabouwalu.
The Parent Parishes was the Old Cathedral on Sycamore, now known as (St. Francis Xavier Church).
The betting actions of each player in each betting round.
Patrick Elvin Fleagle (born March 22, 1951) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
While Dillon appears at various points in the story the lead character is an ex-army intelligence officer, Major Harry Miller M.P. who holds a position of Under-Secretary of State answerable to the British Prime Minister.
Everton U23s are managed by David Unsworth and the U18s are managed by Paul Tait.
The list of ship decommissionings in 1945 includes a chronological list of all ships decommissioned in 1945.
The thumb is the first digit of the hand.
In its last incarnation, the district encompassed a large stretch of rural Southern Illinois, part of Springfield and a portion of the "Metro-East" area (the Illinois side of the Greater St. Louis, Missouri region).
The temple there is dedicated to Lord Vasudeva Perumal.
It is the world's largest train station complex by floor area.
Deactivated as a military post in 1988, it is operated as a museum.
Graves was director of the Defense Security Assistance Agency from 1978 to 1981.
Growmark is ranked fifth largest cooperative on the National Cooperative Bank's listing of top 100 cooperatives in North America and fourth largest agricultural cooperative.
Several applications of this process have been proposed, such as remediation of cracks and corrosion prevention in concrete, biogrout, sequestration of radionuclides and heavy metals.
This series began with A Conspiracy of Violence published in January 2006.
He is also Chairman of the Scottish-Egyptian Association and Vice Chairman of the British Egyptian Society.
The gens Ofania was a minor plebeian family at Rome.
Originally the 25 gram pouch was produced in New Zealand, but from late 2017 both the 50 and 25 gram pouches are now produced in The Netherlands.
There is no known prevention for bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw.
Phenacetin (or acetophenetidin) is a pain-relieving and fever-reducing drug, which was widely used between its introduction in 1887 and the 1983 ban imposed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The festival was founded in 1926 in an attempt to market Ohio syrup in competition with Vermont syrup.
Eventually this school, which they called the Adventure School, outgrew the barn and a new building was required.
"Off the Wagon" was written about a friend of Rankin's who was struggling with sobriety.
Educational games are games explicitly designed with educational purposes, or which have incidental or secondary educational value.
Despite being a small association in numbers, the Tigers have produced several players who have played NCAA, NBL and WNBL.
Of its three flights, the first two were failures, and the third, though declared successful, reached the low end of its targeted orbit range and carried only a dummy (inert) payload.
Aberdeen competed in the Scottish Premier League, Scottish League Cup, Scottish Cup and UEFA Cup.
He claims that the problem in modern society is not too much competition, but a lack of it as the result of "the destructive forces of monopoly".
In particular, it focuses on short prose or flash fiction.
Al Shohada Stadium is their home.
It eventually went into decline and by 1920 was almost deserted.
It is preserved in the George Eastman House, Cinemateca Do Museu De Arte Moderna and the Library of Congress.
He has been a member of the famous pop trio Awaz, has played with Junoon, Vital Signs and was a founding member of the rock band Karavan.
Because of the same reason, the team event was canceled as well.
It is free and open to the public.
The expansion was completed for the start of the 2012 season.
It consists of senior ministers, called 'cabinet ministers', junior ministers, called 'ministers of state' and, rarely, deputy ministers.
In this paper, Madison asserts the advantages that state governments have over the federal government in terms of securing the support of the people and resisting encroachments.
Missile to the Moon is an independently made 1958 American black-and-white science fiction film drama, produced by Marc Frederic, directed by Richard E. Cunha, that stars Richard Travis, Cathy Downs and K. T. Stevens.
Eupithecia russeola is a moth in the family Geometridae.
Boeung Ket are the defending champions.
It was the first in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders.
A garret is a habitable attic or small and often dismal or cramped living space at the top of a house or larger residential building.
The evolutionary factors that produced these changes have been the subject of several theories.
2007 Merdeka Tournament is the 39th editions of the Merdeka Tournament and was held on 20 to 29 August 2007.
His health recovered, Elliot was persuaded in 1877 by the Prime Minister John Molteno to stay on in South Africa as chief magistrate or resident commissioner of Tembuland.
Mollinedia gilgiana is a species of plant in the Monimiaceae family.
Ranch Acres is a residential area in Midtown Tulsa, Oklahoma.
It is based on a radio program with the same name.
Chesapeake Beach is a town in Calvert County, Maryland.
Rambukewela is a village in Sri Lanka.
International Broadcasting Convention, more commonly known by its acronym IBC, is an annual trade show, held in September at the RAI Exhibition and Convention Center in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Each refers to a fixed time of the day for prayer.
It debuted on Billboard's Hot 100 chart on 28 March but took 19 weeks to hit No. 1 reaching that position on 1 August, one of the slowest climbs to number one at that time.
Lebanon is a semi-presidential parliamentary democratic republic within the overall framework of confessionalism, a form of consociationalism in which the highest offices are proportionately reserved for representatives from certain religious communities.
In other words, Morgan believed that anthropomorphic approaches to animal behavior were fallacious, and that people should only consider behavior as, for example, rational, purposive or affectionate, if there is no other explanation in terms of the behaviors of more primitive life-forms to which we do not attribute those faculties.
It was shown on Spike TV from 2004 to 2005.
After Greenway entered federal politics in November 1904, Charles Mickle became opposition leader.
The pilot sat in an open cockpit, with a gunner in an open bow position, and another in an open position amidships.
The Federal Firearms Act of 1938 (FFA) imposed a federal license requirement on gun manufacturers, importers, and persons in the business of selling firearms.
The station is the closest to Shiraz Inter-city bus terminal.
The small size of the ring creates substantial ring strain in the structure.
Most candidates who sit for MUET do so to apply for admissions in public and private universities and colleges.
He was elected to the Kurdistan national parliament in 2009.
The Marlowe School is a two-story brick building on a concrete base.
He was not replaced until the general election in June 1928.
In addition to being an administrative district in French Guiana, it is also the main town in that district.
He played parts of three seasons in the majors: 1923 for the St. Louis Cardinals and 1925-1926 for the Cincinnati Reds.
This is a low hairy herb with a creeping stem with many branches.
Bhogapuram Airport, a greenfield airport project will be built near Bhogapuram, 40 kilometers north-east of Visakhapatnam, India.
This service should not be confused with the scheduler that allocates CPU resources to processes already in memory.
Then it is revealed that it is all an April Fools' joke, and Peter is left to attempt to win back his children's respect.
This article contains additional information about the band the Only Ones and the lead singer Peter Perrett.
FIFA currently allocate North America two berths at the World Cup and hence the top two teams (the winners and the runners-up) qualify to the World Cup finals.
The battalion was recruited from Tasmania, South Australia and Western Australia and formed part of the 3rd Brigade, 1st Division.
The son of Lt-Col Sir (James) Reginald Lea Rankin, 2nd Baronet, a big game hunter, Rankin was born 'Hubert', but changed his first name to Hugh; he would later be known as 'Omar', 'Sammy Parks', and 'Rankin Stewart' (having adopted the surname of Stewart by deed poll in 1932, retaining it until 1946).
He last played for Nea Salamina.
It was also known as Burg.
The failure of the business generated criticism of regulators and auditors for not having spotted the activity.
William Tennant Mortlock won the resulting by-election on 8 June.
Transport for London once had plans to extend the Tramlink system to Crystal Palace and would have involved a junction to the north of Harrington Road, with the extension joining the existing railway in the opposite direction to the current service.
Many fieldstone churches are in the Romanesque tradition, and others are Gothic or in somewhat later architectural styles.
After the original soundtrack version was recorded, Michael Jackson and Quincy Jones went back into the studio and re-recorded the track.
The Conklin House, the Johnson House, and the Kee House in Chandler, Oklahoma are Colonial Revival houses from the pre-statehood era of Oklahoma that are recognized as significant by the "Territorial Homes in Chandler" MPS.
Christopher "Choppy" Close (born 5 February 1959) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.
The artwork of the maps began with quite detailed maps, and later numbers contain more stylized ones.
In 1989, the Law Library Journal said that the annotations in Current Law Statutes Annotated were "not helpful".
The ban, enacted in 1972, is due in a large part to Rachael Carson's 1962 book Silent Spring.
Christopher Lee Clark (born October 1, 1985) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent.
Nnorom Azuonye (born 12 July 1967 in Biafra) is a publisher, theater director, playwright, poet and advertising professional.
The southern terminus of the Gautrain rapid-rail service is located underground, in a separate station adjacent to the existing main-line station.
The school also has a specialism in engineering.
There are no bookmobiles associated with this library system.
These include poppies, rosettes and wristbands.
It was launched in close conjunction with Billie Jean King's Women's Sports Foundation and each issue of the magazine contained a two-page article written by the executive director of the Foundation.
Its most notable exhibits are a gallery of Robert Rauschenberg's artworks and a Music Hall of Fame honoring performers from the region; featured in the latter are artifacts of Janis Joplin's youth.
Established in 2005, it is affiliated to Pt.
The book collects fifteen novelettes and short stories by various authors, together with an introduction by the editor.
The UI was developed at Ericsson's Software Applications Laboratory in Warrington, UK.
The Serbian Hockey League Season for 2006-2007 consisted of 16 games.
She finds out that she's part of a coven of witches, and on top of that, the boy she's destined to be with is dating her best friend.
Gravy Train is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1961 and performed by Donaldson with Herman Foster, Ben Tucker, Dave Bailey, and Alec Dorsey.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The Stockbridge initially lived in New York and Massachusetts, but were forced by the federal government to come to Wisconsin.
The population was 5,533 at the 2010 census.
In the match, Patel had little success with the bat, but did have future England captain Mike Brearley out caught behind from the bowling of Vasant Tapu.
He is currently managing director of Brihan Maharashtra Sugar Syndicate.
The Noordwijk Conference was held in Noordwijk, near The Hague, on 6 September 1955 to evaluate the progress made by the Spaak Committee set up by the Messina Conference.
And Then There Were None retains most of the basic plot elements of Agatha Christie's novel of the same name; the major differences are the inclusion of the playable character, Patrick Narracott, and the creation of a range of possible endings.
His best season was in 1976 when he finished in fifth place in the 500cc world championship riding a Suzuki motorcycle.
A dynamic verb expresses a wide range of actions that may be physical (to run), mental (to ponder), or perceptual (to see), as opposed to a stative verb, which purely expresses a state in which there is no obvious action (to stand, believe, suppose etc.).
Plainsboro Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Plainsboro Township, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.
Larceny & Old Lace is the third studio album by the Atlanta punk rock band The Coathangers.
He studied English at York University and the University of Toronto, where he was encouraged in his writing by Irving Layton and Marshall McLuhan.
HIV drug resistance occurs when microevolution causes virions to become tolerant to antiretroviral treatments.
Rabies is the fifth studio album by Skinny Puppy.
Michigan's 28th State House District is in the southwest corner of Macomb County.
His best season was in 1991, when he finished the season ranked fourth in the 250cc world championship riding a Honda.
He was placed in temporary charge of Queens Park Rangers, in February 2015 following the resignation of manager, Harry Redknapp.
In the wild the insect feeds on Schinus plants, but will feed on privet and honeysuckle in captivity.
The Mediterranean diet is a diet inspired by the eating habits of Greece, Southern Italy, and Spain in the 1940s and 1950s.
In addition, Tabarrok is director of research for the Oakland, California based think tank the Independent Institute.
The highway has both of its endpoints, as well as all of its length, entirely within the Ponce city limits.
The longest FCS winning streak is held by the North Dakota State Bison who won 33 consecutive games between 2012 and 2014.
The Dewar Cup circuit was a series tour of British indoor tennis tournaments sponsored by the Scottish whisky firm of Dewar's from 1965 to 1976.
The Port Royal Expedition of 1861 has been added, although it has not been classified by the NPS.
Importantly the route was that used by the annual "Hudson's Bay Express", a shipment of the company books and profits to company headquarters.
Overkill 2 is a free-to-play video game developed by Craneballs Studio, the sequel to Overkill.
The site, as well as the nearby stoneware manufactury site, was part of a large White and Company plant used to manufacture stoneware and tile.
Miconia caelata is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family.
He was appointed to the Erie County Legislature in 2004, and re-elected in 2005 and 2007.
The film is intended as a follow-up to the Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends episode, "Porn".
The Phantom of Venice is the 18th installment in the Nancy Drew point-and-click adventure game series by Her Interactive.
It interacts over Bluetooth 1.1 wireless technology.
Three-letter alpha codes (formerly called CRS codes - Computer Reservation System) are issued by National Rail which is responsible for railways in Great Britain.
Arqueros is a mining district in the Chilean Norte Chico region.
Taxagifine is a taxane isolated from Taxus.
The highlight event of this school was "Blue And Gold," a school spirit event where the freshman and seniors competed against the sophomores and juniors in a series of events.
Before its description in 2009, it was confused with Raorchestes femoralis and Raorchestes glandulosus.
He is also a contributing reporter for current affairs program 60 Minutes.
King and Maxwell is a crime fiction novel written by American writer David Baldacci.
Rain falling on hot rocks can cause them to shatter and the resulting fragments and rubble strewn over the desert floor is further eroded by the wind.
It is usually held around Carnival time.
The next station on the west side is Baharestan Station having a similar status as yet unopened.
The play won the Obie Award for Best New American Play in 2013.
In 2012, Currie partnered with the Cardigan Heritage Center and the local branch of the Legion to initiate the establishment of a community Veteran memorial.
A countrywide primary education system is under development, and Tribhuvan University has several campuses.
The film was released on March 17, 1943, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
First discovered in 1882 by Robert Koch, M. tuberculosis has an unusual, waxy coating on its cell surface primarily due to the presence of mycolic acid.
The organization provides loans, savings programs, financial education, and credit establishment to women who live in poverty in the United States.
The section of Garland, Texas called Firewheel was created after this public golf course.
Dionisia is a genus of parasitic alveolates belonging to the phylum Apicomplexia.
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the German ornithologist Jean Louis Cabanis.
Mastophora hutchinsoni, the American bolas spider, is a species of orb weaver in the family Araneidae.
John Whitgift, the Archbishop of Canterbury, obtained increased powers for the Court by the 1580s.
It stars George Segal.
The 760i model also utilized the world's first production V12 engine to use direct injection.
According to the IOM, functional fiber "consists of isolated, non-digestible carbohydrates that have beneficial physiological effects in humans".
Salt Springs Township was so named on account of brine springs in the area.
The show is hosted by Miss Baby Sol and Ben Ramble.
Preston "Bodie" Broadus is a fictional character on the HBO drama series The Wire, played by actor J. D. Williams.
Seed predation, often referred to as granivory, is a type of plant-animal interaction in which granivores (seed predators) feed on the seeds of plants as a main or exclusive food source, in many cases leaving the seeds damaged and not viable.
The Tribunal has its seat in Leidschendam, on the outskirts of The Hague, Netherlands, and a field office in the Lebanese capital, Beirut.
The studio was established in 2003 by Brian Coombes of Tristan Park and his wife Michelle Coombes of Waking in the Blue, and designed by acoustician Michael Blackmer.
The user sees what appears to be a conventional display floating in space in front of them.
Coal Springs is an ghost town in Perkins County, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
The Gongs were a experimental folk quartet formed in 2001.
Heaven and Earth is a posthumous studio album by John Martyn, completed by Gary Pollitt, released online on 16 May 2011.
Sister Sparrow & the Dirty Birds is a Brooklyn, New York-based seven-piece soul/rock band.
Dharamsot was elected to the Punjab Legislative Assembly from the Nabha constituency of Punjab.
The series' 13 episode seventh and final season premiered September 9, 2015.
Besides FM in Italy, Albania, France, Switzerland, DTT and DAB (Italy and Ticino), cable radio (only in Switzerland) and Free to Air on Hotbird 8, is also available on SKY Italia and Dish Network.
The 2015 ISL domestic draft was the second domestic draft from the Indian Super League, the franchise domestic football league in India.
The West Indies cricket team toured England in the 1957 season to play a five-match Test series against England.
Jonathon studied at Notre Dame Catholic Sixth Form College in Leeds.
Himgiri was commissioned into the Navy on 23 November 1974.
The club was founded in 2002 and was previously called KF Olimpiku Tirana.
It contains many dark nebulae in addition to the emission diffuse nebulae.
Werner Dilger (March 24, 1942 in Winterbach; July 17, 2007 in Chemnitz) was a German professor of computer science and held the chair for artificial intelligences at the Chemnitz.
The Duel is a 2000 Hong Kong wuxia comedy film directed by Andrew Lau and starring Andy Lau, Ekin Cheng, Nick Cheung, Kristy Yang, Zhao Wei and Patrick Tam.
Since it was republished by Madeleine B. Stern in 1975, the novel has become important in critical reinterpretation of Alcott's corpus of works and literary importance.
It was released in 2009 and contains their hits "The Good News", "Going to the Casino (Tomorrow Night)", and "I Don't Want to Party (Party)".
He has also worked as an actor, board member and director at Kumu Kahua Theater.
It is the oldest private school of Joginder Nagar.
Good Witch premiered on February 28, 2015, and was consecutively renewed through a fourth season, which aired from April 29 to July 1, 2018.
Historically, along with its neighboring village of Sennfeld, it had the rare situation of being a Reichsdorf or Imperial Village.
A staunch fiscal and social conservative, Francis was an unsuccessful candidate for Secretary of State of Louisiana in the special election held on September 30, 2006.
The McGuff Companies consist of three entities: a wholesale distributor of medical supplies, a compounding pharmacy, and a pharmaceutical manufacturing facility which produces sterile injectables for national and international distribution.
Mark gall is caused by agents burrowing within plant tissue before gall develops.
Along the way, he teaches them about life.
Many board games and video games provide their own fictional setting, or are set in fictional settings defined by other media such as literature or film.
On April 24, 2013, former WBNS-TV News Director John Cardenas was named president and general manager of the station and vice president of broadcast news for The Dispatch Broadcast Group.
It is difficult to reserve a table in the restaurant and has been listed as among the 50 best restaurants in Asia by CNN.The head chef is Shuzo Kishida from Aichi Prefecture.
It appeared a little too late to compete with the similar Avia B-534 and failed to get a production order.
It is to be located near Gretna, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland, close to the England-Scotland border.
One fatality was recorded as a result of flooding in Oklahoma.
The 175th Ohio Volunteer Infantry (or 175th OVI) was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Coverage includes: Chemotherapy Clinical pharmacology Diagnosis Epidemiology Experimental therapies Genetics Health services, economics and outcomes research Hematology Hormonal therapies Imaging Immunotherapy Medical oncology Palliative care Pathology Pediatric oncology Prevention Radiotherapy Screening Signal transduction Statistics Surgical oncology Targeted therapiesIndexed by ISI Nature Reviews Clinical Oncology received an impact factor of 20.693 as reported in the 2016 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters.
It encompasses the City of Milwaukee, as well as the counties of Dodge, Fond du Lac, Kenosha, Milwaukee, Ozaukee, Racine, Sheboygan, Walworth, Washington and Waukesha, all located in Wisconsin.
Mighty Ape Ltd is a New Zealand online retailing company, based in Albany, Auckland.
The album featured such musicians as Thom Rotella, Jerome Richardson, Lesley Gore and Dusty Springfield.
The album was released in February 1997 by Polydor Records.
It is the longest continuous walking pilgrimage in Britain and is walked by students, graduates and their families.
Homodimeric kinesin-2 has been implicated in the transport of NMDA receptors along dendrites for delivery to the dendritic membrane, whereas both heterotrimeric and homodimeric kinesin-2 motors function cooperatively in anterograde intraflagellar transport (IFT) and cilium biogenesis.
United failed to qualify for the MLS Cup Playoffs for the first time since 2013, and for only the second time in the last six seasons.
The Mean Green have played in five bowl games since this decision, giving many recent players an extra game to accumulate statistics.
Kelly Glen Park is a public, urban park in Apex, North Carolina.
The regiment was originally organized as the 3rd Arkansas Volunteer Infantry (African Descent) on May 22, 1863.
The original album was a gatefold.
In Ramadi, a car bomb killed at least 6 people and another 10 were wounded.
Outside Gujarat, there is notable population of community in Mumbai.
A second edition, published by W. W. Norton & Company updated the route for 2012.
This is followed by cuboids added in the negative y, negative x and negative z directions.
Reynolds competed in the 2003 and 2004 X-Games and received the highest single wave score both years.
William Johnston McGowan McEwan (born 20 June 1951) is a Scottish former professional footballer and manager.
This utility prevents creating multipartition layout for removable media such as flash drives.
Owned by Ion Media Networks, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and UHF channel 35 from a transmitter in South Gray along I-95/Maine Turnpike/Gold Star Memorial Highway.
The Red Tornado is a fictional character, a superheroine in the DC Comics Universe, debuting during the Golden Age of Comic Books.
Francesco Borgato (born September 5, 1990 in Venice) is an Italian recording artist, dancer, choreographer, ex-member of Ukrainian pop group Kazaky.
The property was formerly owned by Inland Western Real Estate Trust.
With a total enrollment of about 40,400, it has the largest student body out of the 23-campus California State University (CSU) system, and its approximately 5,800 graduate student body is also the largest in the CSU and one of the largest in all of California.
Stirling's eponymous debut album was a commercial success in Europe, selling 200,000 copies in Germany, winning a platinum certification; three additional certifications were given by Austria, Switzerland and Poland.
Shagai Plateau, also referred to as Shagai Heights is an area of flat lands along the Khyber Pass.
Pennington was also a member of the Atlanta Falcons and New York Giants.
First called the Sperry and Perry Hotel, it was opened by James L. Sperry and John Perry on August 20, 1856.
Below is a list of famous hypnotists.
The dwarf Lake Turkana robber (Brycinus minutus) is a species of fish in the family Alestidae.
Egyptian National Police or ENP is a department of the Ministry of Interior of Egypt.
The tally room normally opened as results began to flow in after voting ended at 6pm on the day of the election, always a Saturday, in the respective states and territories and polling places begin to count the votes; however, some voting figures would be received as early as 5.20pm.
Ross was also nominated for a Grammy for "Love Hangover" (Best R&B Performance, Female Artist).
He was High Sheriff of Monmouthshire in 1615.
Asparagus nesiotes is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to the Canary Islands and the Savage Islands.
Typically a packhorse bridge consists of one or more narrow (one horse wide) masonry arches, and has low parapets so as not to interfere with the horse's panniers.
She is Professor of Islamic and Interreligious Studies at the University of Edinburgh, a member of the Commission on Scottish Devolution and a member of the Nuffield Council on Bioethics.
Zangqenrong Zangqenrong is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
In 2005, Rajaton album sales reached 100,000 worldwide.
In the Catholic tradition, the phrase is most often translated "happy fault," as in the Catholic Exsultet.
The Devil Ark concept was discussed among zoos in 2006 and formally presented at the Tasmanian devil workshop held in Hobart in 2008, where most stakeholders, researchers and wildlife agencies were represented.
The team won some significant awards for its successes.
Tunisia participated in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens.
More recently, however, the Archean and Proterozoic eons have been subdivided into eras of their own.
His directorial debut Phillauri, starring Anushka Sharma, Diljit Dosanjh and Suraj Sharma released on 24 March 2017.
In 2006, he was cleared of corruption charges stemming from party funding in 2002.In November 2008, Marais joined the newly formed Congress of the People party, which broke from the ruling African National Congress early in the year.
The habitat consists of forests and secondary growth with a closed canopy.
Kravjek Castle (Slovene: Grad Kravjek, German: Schloss Weineck) is a ruined castle northwest of Muljava, in Lower Carniola, Slovenia.
It started on October 12.
Game writer Jonathon Myers has provided narrative support in the wake of Hal Barwood's contribution.
The ZIP code serving the area is 21212.
Such instances, called containers, partitions, virtualization engines (VEs) or jails (FreeBSD jail or chroot jail), may look like real computers from the point of view of programs running in them.
It was the second single to be released from the 2001 album, Flowers.
It is thought to be most closely related to Pawnee.
A year later, the number of cricketers with contracts with CI had increased to six, with Cusack still amongst their number.
Haven Bruce (born January 12, 1979 in Charlotte, North Carolina) is an American soccer striker who currently plays for Upward Stars FC in the National Premier Soccer League.
It was awarded a Newbery Honor.
True liquid air is not practical, as it cannot be stored in metal spray cans due to extreme pressure and temperature requirements.
The Polygar Wars or Palaiyakkarar Wars were wars fought between the Polygars (Palaiyakkarars) of the former Tirunelveli Kingdom in Tamil Nadu, India and the British East India Company forces between March 1799 to May 1802 or July 1805.
This criticism applies also to the loci theologici of his famous Loci communes rerum theologicarum (1521), which are primarily basal concepts appearing in the science of theology, to which all in it must be referred.
The National Unity Democratic Organization (NUDO) is a political party in Namibia.
A Republican, she served in the Tennessee House of Representatives.
Politics of Guyana takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic, whereby the President of Guyana is the head of government, and of a multi-party system.
The EU trade mark system is administered by the European Union Intellectual Property Office, which is located in Alicante, Spain (see also trade mark law of the European Union).
It is also a village (Prrenjas municipality) and mountain with the same name.
Candy is a 1958 novel written by Maxwell Kenton, the pseudonym of Terry Southern and Mason Hoffenberg, who wrote it in collaboration for the "dirty book" publisher Olympia Press, which published the novel as part of its "Traveler's Companion" series.
"The Payback", "My Thang" and "Doing It to Death" with Fred Wesley & the J.B.s (Brown's backup band).
Atroshi's father stayed in Kurdistan where he confessed to the murder in interviews but he escaped jail as according to the local laws he was protecting the family honor.
Suriano was beatified in Loreto on 5 September 2004 on the occasion of the visit of Pope John Paul II there.
At club level he is playing for AFC Kairat in Kazakhstan in 2015.
Before coming to Oregon State University in 2003, she taught at Hamilton College, Le Moyne College, Rowan University, and the University of Tennessee.
He played for the Rockford Forest Citys of the National Association in 1871.
It is approved for military and commercial aviation fuels.
Khan was famous for his mastery of clear and melodious tone of the tabla,Bols like "TEREKETE", "TETETETE", accompaniment (sangat) and also improvisation.
It is primarily about George Washington's leadership during the 1776 campaign of the American Revolutionary War, culminating with the famous crossing of the Delaware River and the subsequent campaign, with the Battle of Trenton, the Second Battle of Trenton, and the Battle of Princeton.
1950),Was an active member in the anti-war, anti-racism and anti-imperialism movements of the 1960s and 70s, and key member of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) political movement in the Columbia University Chapter in New York, where he eventually presided.
He is a former head coach of the ECHL hockey team, the Victoria Salmon Kings, out of Victoria, British Columbia.
Service at the station began on May 21, 1973.In 2011, BART was criticized for spending $2 million on a wheelchair ramp at the south entrance to the station without adding curb cuts or accessible parking there.
From England, the Fleet sailed southwest to Rio de Janeiro, then east to Cape Town and via the Great Southern Ocean to Botany Bay, arriving over the period of 18 to 20 January 1788, taking 250 to 252 days from departure to final arrival.
Goodfellow was commissioned through Air Force ROTC at the University of New Mexico, and entered the Air Force in 1990.
He toured with others including Joe Cocker, The Scaffold, Grimms, Chris Jagger, Neil Innes, Viv Stanshall, Joe Brown.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Maine, United States.
For ships, the I'M'O number remains linked to the hull for its lifetime, regardless of a change in name, flag, or owner.
The community is named for is named for Hon.
Deuterophysa biconicalis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
He is married to Minnie Pretorius and has three sons Johan, Kobus and Wilhelm who allegedly also belong to the Boeremag.
An Author can write several Books, and a Book can be written by several Authors.
Pensperger would be awarded a posthumous gold medal from the FIBT along with his surviving teammates Ludwig Siebert, Helmut Werzer, and Roland Ebert.
Woodbine is an unincorporated rural community in Howard and Carroll counties, Maryland, United States.
The earliest form of the Conventions was agreed at a meeting of classical scholars at the University of Leiden in 1931 and published in an article shortly thereafter.
He has written for the New York Times, Esquire, Paris Review, and The Atlantic Monthly, as well as many other international publications.
Angus Finlay Hutton (1928-2016) was a British naturalist born in India.
An aluminum paneled body and glass fiber wings completed the car.
Moreover, Adelbrecht was now capable of displaying different states of nature: sleep or awake.
Regulus appears once in the surviving pages of Tacitus' Annales, as one of three men who, in the year 20, defended Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso on charges related to the death from poison of Germanicus, after three other senators (Lucius Arruntius, Marcus Vinicius, and Asinius Gallus) declined for various reasons.
Contemporary medicine applies biomedical sciences, biomedical research, genetics, and medical technology to diagnose, treat, and prevent injury and disease, typically through pharmaceuticals or surgery, but also through therapies as diverse as psychotherapy, external splints and traction, medical devices, biologics, and ionizing radiation, amongst others.
United Communications Corporation (UCC) is a privately owned publisher and operator of three daily newspapers, several weekly newspapers and three television stations in the U.S. states of Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, South Dakota and Wisconsin.
Floor crossing was originally enabled by amendments to the Constitution of South Africa and other legislation passed by Parliament.
After a long hiatus, the M nameplate was used for Infiniti's mid-luxury sedans (executive cars).
As of 2010 it had a population of 107 people.
He was a member of the Executive Board of the Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland from 1999 through 2007 and served as interim executive director of the Council in 2000 and 2006.
These can include a collar, a button front, or cuffed sleeves.
It has performed around 3000 surgeries under the Chief Ministers Comprehensive Health Insurance Scheme.
The Open Christmas Letter was written in acknowledgment of the mounting horror of modern war and as a direct response to letters written to American feminist Carrie Chapman Catt, the president of the International Woman Suffrage Alliance (IWSA), by a small group of German women's rights activists.
He competed in the Craftsman Truck Series full-time in 1998 and 1999, as well as some races in the Busch Series.
It serves about 949 students in grades 7 through 12 coming from New Paris Elementary School, Millersburg Elementary School, and Benton Elementary School.
Oakes was also instrumental in the design of the Fairmount Water Works in Philadelphia, and its original three waterwheels in particular.
The Office of the Attorney General, which oversaw many of the functions traditionally associated with the department; and The Department of Justice and Consumer Affairs which oversaw many of the regulatory functions of the department which had been in place for the "protection of the public interest".
The band had been performing these particular songs together at the conclusion of their live sets.
It was established in 1858, the first election held in 1859, and existed until 1996.
This was the second time the party ran a full slate of candidates, after 2007.
Malaria has been eradicated, and cholera is virtually nonexistent.
The Secrets of Jonathan Sperry is a 2008 Christian film, released to theaters on September 18, 2009.
After the introduction of the Power Macintosh line in early 1994, Apple continued to produce and sell new Quadra models; the 950 continued to be sold until October, 1995.
The genus contains only one species Andala unifascia, which is found in the north-western Himalayas, Murree and Kussowlee.
Its decorations are rarely better than poor.
They moved to Johannesburg in 1973.
Some providers use the term "homework helper" as well as "homework coach."
HMCS Stellarton was a modified Flower-class corvette that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War.
It is sometimes called an old-fashioned three-point play to distinguish from the later three-point shot.
This eventually led to the territory's secession from Mexico and the founding of the Republic of Texas.
John Nesser (April 25, 1876 - July 29, 1931) was a professional American football player in the "Ohio League" and the early National Football League for the Columbus Panhandles.
It is used as a dormitory for women attending Colorado College.
The team changed its name to the Shamokin Indians for the 1926 and 1927 seasons.
The school was established by a Capernwray Hall alumnus, Charles Fordham, in 1979.
Kuninguste is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.
Passerina is both a rare local white grape that is found in the Marche, in Italy and a DOC for wines of the same name.
Joseph Michael Staten is an American writer.
He was born in Worcester Park, Surrey and educated at Tiffin School.
A different scribe added another grant from Aethelbald to Cyneberht on the back.
Physically, GigaPix has four Exchange Points in two different cities, three in Lisbon and another in Porto, improving even further the connectivity among Portuguese local networks.
St Gabriel's parish in Dollymount, Dublin was formed in 1966 when it separated from the historic Parish of Clontarf.
There is also a counter right outside where they provide take-aways.
He holds a Bachelor of Agribusiness Marketing.
He started serving an 11- to 22-year prison sentence for charges related to the prescription of opioids in July, 2016.
Delfield is a part of The Manitowoc Company and one of the members of its Food Service Group.
He has also contributed to the New York Review of Books.
There is a First XV and also a 2nd men's XV called the "Llamas", a 3rd men's XV unofficially dubbed the "Pumas" and since 2009 a 4th XV has also been entered in the Essex BL Merit Table.
Pekka Lehto (born 14 March 1948) is a Finnish film director.
Three different types of catenins seem to exist: alpha, beta, and gamma.
In conjunction with the visits, AIPA has arranged many lectures at leading Australian institutions and numerous public meetings with both Polish Australian and Jewish Australian communities (notably at the Melbourne Holocaust Center and the Australian Center for Jewish Civilisation).
IBM chose to design custom hybrid circuits using discrete, flip chip-mounted, glass-encapsulated transistors and diodes, with silk screened resistors on a ceramic substrate, forming an SLT module.
One, #460, called the Lindbergh Engine, is preserved at the Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania.
South Dakota officially became a state on November 2, 1889.
Wagner's book The Art and Character of Nutcrackers was also given positive mention in the book.
Spontaneous Combustion is a 1990 American science fiction horror film directed by Tobe Hooper.
Rhodes Twenty Four was a Michelin-starred restaurant located in the City of London.
Resistance to ischemia-reperfusion injury by protein restriction is mediated by activation of the tuberous sclerosis complex.
The Forum is one of the area's main cultural and art centers and has hosted many musical artists, comedians and other performers, as well as hosting such events as the local multicultural festival and various career conventions.
Pete was jumping over the desk and giving the engineer a heart attack.
Lauren Haeger was named Most Outstanding Player of the WCWS.
The following lists events that happened during 1959 in Chile.
Apatelodes lescamia is a moth in the family Bombycidae.
Dooabia puncticostata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.
Most authors include Dasycera here, though approaches that generally follow a "splitting" approach sometimes do not.
Will Soon Be Answered is a 1918 song written during World War I and performed by Henry Burr.
He was born in Klagenfurt.
Initially Melbourne Bike Share experienced low ridership.
Fossils were found in the Messel pit.
It was originally released in January 1988 by Jive and Arista as the follow-up to Ocean's critically and commercially successful 1986 album Love Zone.
Still, the view from the top of the stairs inspired him to reshoot the scene without the dog.
It entered the chart on position 67 in 2003 and peaked on number 67, where it stayed for one week.
Claville is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
A team called the West Virginia Wild was set to play in the Continental Indoor Football League for 2009, but the franchise was revoked prior to the team's inaugural season.
Tenaha Independent School District is a public school district based in Tenaha, Texas (USA).
For example, in sedimentary rocks, it is common for gravel from an older formation to be ripped up and included in a newer layer.
Maloney started his career at Celtic, playing 215 matches across all competitions and winning honors including five Scottish Premier League titles and five Scottish Cups.
As well, Rock engineered and mixed virtually every Payolas recording.
Taumangyang is a village in Chipwi Township in Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.
Since 1989, Pirker has served as Land chairman of the Austrian Employees' Federation.
Both of these are probably backronyms from the original, non-technical usage.
After playing his college football at the University of Tennessee, he declared himself eligible for the 2013 NFL Draft, where he went undrafted.
In 1793 Medikus published the name C. apiifolia for a European hawthorn (now included in C. monogyna), but the name is illegitimate under the rules of botanical nomenclature.
Mall offers educational activities and games for children, live piano music weekend in April and other regular events.
The Blade was a member of the National Gay Newspaper Guild, and contained news, entertainment, classified ads, and free personals for men and women.
The port is also building a $6 million museum called the Sustainable Agriculture and Energy Center.
Kalabera is a small village on the northern side of Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands.
It has also been screened across the USA and in Canada and New Zealand.
Based on ceramic dating, the buildings were built and occupied between 1100 and 1250 AD.
Darlyne Chauve is an artist working with paint (especially known for her large works), photography, and video installations.
They affirmed the definition of the eligibility criteria that led to Vargas and Tolentino's disqualification in 2016 but the two were allowed to participate in the 2018 elections.
John Stuart Agnew (born 30 August 1949) is a Member of the European Parliament for the East of England region for the UK Independence Party (UKIP).
Horbury Hunt Hall is a heritage-listed church hall at 52a Church Street, Newcastle, City of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.
The play explores the relationship between the law, justice, revenge and forgiveness.
She graduated from Yerevan State University with a degree from the Department of Law with honors in 1994.
Szilvia Kuti, better known by her ring name Silvie Silver, is a Hungarian-born Canadian female professional wrestler and model based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
There are two versions released for this film: the international cut running 104 minutes, and the shorter cut running 89 minutes, released in the U.S. and France.
Hemihoplites is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the family Hemihoplitidae.
Generally fortifications added.
At Cranfield Airport, he co-piloted an English Electric Lightning owned by Russell Carpenter.
The Keelpennathur block is a revenue block in the Tiruvannamalai district of Tamil Nadu, India.
His third album, Viva Melodia was recorded with Marcus Mackay at The Diving Bell Lounge studio in Glasgow, and was produced by Biff Smith (The Starlets / A New International).
On 6 December 2013, Blackman was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of ten years, and dismissed with disgrace from the British Armed Forces.
The headquarter of the Rengmas in Nagaland is at Tseminyu.
Beechwood is a proposed railway station situated between Bidston and Upton on the Borderlands Line, to service the Beechwood area of Birkenhead.
The group, which was based in Seoul, South Korea, debuted in 2011 and won Best New Asian Artist at the Mnet Asian Music Awards later that year.
It was founded in 1973 to support the creation of innovative, site-specific, socially engaged artworks in the public realm, particularly in vacant spaces of historical and architectural interest.
It is a coed dorm for freshmen and upperclassmen.
Tryptamine is a monoamine alkaloid.
In 1971, she starred alongside Patty Andrews in the Sherman Brothers stage musical, Victory Canteen.
Pacchimiriam Adiyappa was a famous court musician at the Maratha kingdom of Thanjavur in the 18th century.
Historical characters include Saint Patrick, Brian Boru, Strongbow, and King John of England, among others.
The Battle of Almendralejo was a battle and massacre in Almendralejo, Spain, in August 1936, during the first stages of the Spanish Civil War.
Walmsley wrote the screenplay for Jerry Ciccoritti's film Paris, France in 1993.
Ethan Cohen (born January 5, 1961) is an American collector and art dealer based in New York City who specializes in contemporary Chinese art and contemporary African art.
The album spent ten weeks at number one in the UK.
He is currently working as the head soccer coach for Newport High School in Bellevue, Washington in the United States.
The village has a population of 3062 and was historically ruled by local chiefs who became chiefs hereditarily.
India and South Africa are claimed to have 'welcomed' the Aztecs' takeover of their nations from the hated British Empire; Queen Victoria is mentioned as having been assassinated in 1893, and the Caribbean is stated to have fallen in the early 1900s.
The unincorporated community of Wilson is located in the town.
Unlike field corn varieties, which are harvested when the kernels are dry and mature (dent stage), sweet corn is picked when immature (milk stage) and prepared and eaten as a vegetable, rather than a grain.
The list is divided by geographical location, and then by whether the lighthouses are classed by the NLB as a 'major lighthouse' or a 'minor light'.
He also provided the voice of Duke in The Secret Life of Pets (2016).
Kingdom of Paradise is an action role-playing video game available for the PlayStation Portable handheld system.
Vecherniy Brest is a bilingual regional socio-political weekly newspaper, published in Brest on Friday (circulation 26,000-35,000) .
In 1990, Athey joined the rebel tour to South Africa.
She took a degree in 1919 at Barnard College in New York, studying zoology, stratigraphy and sedimentation.
Brad Gilbert won the singles title.
"Sonic World" was praised for its wide range of information and unlockable content, though its graphics gathered mixed responses.
The organization is a self- help group of forcibly displaced and local women.
The Windsor-1-2 District includes that part of the Windsor County town of Springfield not included in Windsor-1-1.
Many of these phantom players were September call-ups in backup roles.
"Calling Hong Kong" was the second single by Orange County pop punk band Supernova, released on 7" by Goldenrod Records in 1993.
Sophronica junodi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It is a form of infotainment.
Armenia chose their entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 using a national final that consisted of two semi-finals and a final, which took place on 25 February 2007.
Several British units were ordered to attack German forces that had been spotted near Nambanje.
In 2006, the Trust awarded the first Heinlein Prize, in the amount of $500,000, to Peter Diamandis, for outstanding personal initiative and significant progress in commercial space activities.
In 1982 former Vice President Walter Mondale gave a speech at the courthouse prior to his candidacy for President in 1984.
Tensioners have historically been composed of hydraulic actuated cylinders with wire sheaves.
He was released by FC Luzern in December 2006, and found his new club FC Thun in April 2008.
Since 1994, the Government of Canada has made repeated attempts to revoke Oberlander's citizenship.
Kajsa Hallberg Adu (Born 7 February 1981) is a Swedish academic lecturer at Ashesi University, blogger and founder of Blogging Ghana.
The election to the United States House of Representatives in Florida for the 33rd Congress was held October 5, 1852 at the same time as the election for Governor.
For instance, the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) and Independent Labor Party (ILP) were both seen as centrist because they oscillated between advocating reaching a socialist economy through reforms and advocating revolution.
However, at this point in his career, Martin was in the midst of writing the screenplay for his first starring role in the motion picture, The Jerk.
In 2002, Ony graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
The event is popular with both villagers, visitors and parents.
At the time, women were not allowed to serve in the Union Army so Wilson and Graves had to masquerade as men.
It contains new material and previously unreleased tracks from the band's long career, as well the re-recording of "Prayers of Steel", from Avenger's first album and a medley of Rage's fan favorite tunes.
As LMOS is responsible for trouble reports, analysis, and similar related functions, MLT does the actual testing of customer loops.
The inaugural event was held in 1964; it was planned by Mrs. Henri Prunaret from America and Lally Segard from France.
The only requirement is that the item being stopped must be moving at high speed.
The Hyde House is a historic house located at 500 S. Court St. in Visalia, California.
Mark 8 is the eighth chapter of the Gospel of Mark in the New Testament of the Christian Bible.
She is a Watson-class vehicle cargo ship named for First Lieutenant George K. Sisler, a Medal of Honor recipient.
A newer design, the "roper" style, has a short boot shaft that stops above the ankle but before the middle of the calf, with a very low and squared-off "roper" heel, shaped to the sole of the boot, usually less than one inch high.
It has been academically recognized by Newsweek, U.S. News & World Report, and the New Mexico Public Education Department.
The UNS is now used for coffee, jatropha, neem, and shea in 35 countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
The Open Fist is notable for its support of both new works and new interpretations of theater classics in productions typically featuring contemporary production values, ensemble acting, and imaginative direction and design.
Bullets for O'Hara is a 1941 American drama film directed by William K. Howard, written by Raymond L. Schrock, and starring Joan Perry, Roger Pryor, Anthony Quinn, Maris Wrixon, Dick Purcell and Richard Ainley.
It is one of three continental plates (the African, Arabian, and Indian Plates) that have been moving northward in recent geological history and colliding with the Eurasian Plate.
Who Needs Pictures.
Using penetrating fluids as general-purpose lubricants is not advisable, because such oils are relatively volatile.
K.u.K. Kriegsmarine, Admiral was an OF-8 three-star flag officer rank.
The current Chief of Police is Colonel Randy McKinley.
Eoophyla junctiscriptalis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
The Church of St. Teresa of the Infant Jesus is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 1634 Victory Boulevard, West New Brighton, Staten Island, New York City.
This is a list of characters from the 2005 television series Mahou Sentai Magiranger.
Bucklay Guitars is a subsidiary of Washburn Guitars.
Following his release, Giovannelli joined Mona Douglas at Clarum, where they made an ultimately unsuccessful attempt to run an upland farm.
According to an interview of Steve Eisman, John Dugan is culpable for elements of the subprime mortgage crisis.
The River City Raiders (formerly known as the Missouri Monsters and the St. Louis Attack) was a professional indoor football team based in St. Charles, Missouri.
When a comedy partner behaves eccentrically, the straight man is expected to maintain composure.
In season three, the winner also received a management contract, and in season four, a Nissan Dualis car.
The Linwood Springs Research Station (LSRS) is a raptor research station located in Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
Markus Scholz (born 17 May 1988) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Waldhof Mannheim.
That practice changed during the early 19th century, as states extended the right to vote to wider segments of the population.
Fire in the Breeze is the debut Compilation album by the Australian band Kisschasy, released on 20 November 2004 in Japan.
Although the homburg is considered a more formal hat, it is not an equivalent alternative to the top hat for formal attire, but more usually worn with clothing appropriate for semi-formal attire or at least informal attire (not to be confused with casual attire).
Rupertinoe was an advanced naval gun designed by, and named after, Prince Rupert of the Rhine in the 17th century.
The intrinsic group are the smaller muscles located within the hand itself.
The embrace of this aggregate had polarized opinions, some calling it new and fresh to the songs and another calling it an aberration of their style and even the band, but mostly it was well received.
Historically, the head of government of the Ryukyu Islands was known as the Chief Executive.
Others have also developed alternative implementations of these Sun technologies, such as the GNU Compiler for Java (bytecode compiler), GNU Classpath (standard libraries), and IcedTea-Web (browser plugin for applets).
Communication is successful only when both the sender and the receiver understand the same information.
MIPS-3D is an extension to the MIPS V instruction set architecture (ISA) that added 13 new instructions for improving the performance of 3D graphics applications.
Francisco E. Baisas died in 1973, within a little more than a year of his beloved wife Crispina's unexpected death in Madisonville, Kentucky where he and his wife of nearly 60 years spent the last 3 years of their lives with one of their eight children, all of whom were accomplished professionals.
The museum now houses over fifty horse-drawn vehicles, including sturdy drays and farm wagons, that tell the story of European settlement on the Darling Downs, while sulkies and buggies demonstrate transportation imported to Australia during the 1880s.
She represented Ireland in the Miss World 2011 pageant held on 6 November 2011 in London, England.
It was released theatrically in North America on December 14, 1969.
The Roman Republic was short-lived, as the Papal States were restored in October 1799.
Advanced Systems Format (formerly Advanced Streaming Format, Active Streaming Format) is Microsoft's proprietary digital audio/digital video container format, especially meant for streaming media.
What may have been the first research meeting on this topic was The 2005 AAAI Spring Symposium on Knowledge Collection from Volunteer Contributors (KCVC05).
Wedron is an unincorporated community in LaSalle County, Illinois, United States.
The community is a suburb of Troy.
The Deane program set aside every other Friday for a show featuring only black teenagers.
The album received praise from the Alternative Press and Melody Maker on its initial release, with the latter calling the work "25 minutes of snowblind glory".
The club was then branded as F.C. Portland for the season and competed in the Western Alliance Challenge Series.
The album's tracks were selected by Larry Kirwan - expatriate Irish writer, radio host, and musician, most noted as the lead singer for the New York-based Irish rock band, Black 47.
Molly Killingbeck (born March 2, 1959 in Jamaica) is a Canadian athlete who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for Canada, starting in 1984.
Eph is an album by Fridge released Spring 1999.
Sanitary Board was set up in 1883 to supervise and control the practical sanitation of the colony.
Sir Hervey Smythe (1734-1811) was a British army officer and a topographical painter.
A tromino is a polyomino of order 3, that is, a polygon in the plane made of three equal-sized squares connected edge-to-edge.
In 2007 an eyebrowed thrush was sighted at the Jerusalem Bird Observatory in Jerusalem.
The film was directed by and starred Mario Caserini, playing opposite his wife Maria Caserini.
Antarctosuchus is an extinct genus of capitosauroid temnospondyl known from the Middle Triassic upper Fremouw Formation in the Transantarctic Mountains of Antarctica.
It was released for both Microsoft Windows based PCs and Apple Macintosh computers.
The original price was USD $19,995.00.
It includes other features like Voice Commands, VZ Navigator, a document viewer, and an Opera Mini web browser for fast Internet browsing.
The Robert Lang filmography lists the film and television appearances of English actor Robert Lang.
The station is fully accessible, with mini-high platforms serving both tracks.
It was an initiated constitutional amendment dealing with the issue of where a percentage of profit from the Oregon State Lottery should go.
Located in a 15th-century historical building, which is recognized as a National Monument by the Government of Nigeria.
Johnson was a right-hand batsman and played 606 innings in 351 first-class matches to make 14,286 runs.
Jeremiah "Jerry" Cruncher is a fictional character in Charles Dickens' novel A Tale of Two Cities.
Central Huijin is an organization by which the Chinese government can act as a shareholder for the "big four" state owned banks, thereby improving corporate governance and initiating reforms of the banking industry.
The final of the Men's Discus Throw event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain was held on August 5, 1992.
Robin Hill is a classical guitarist who has been performing worldwide for over 30 years.
This is a paradox if the buoyancy of the hydrometer is said to depend on the weight of the liquid that it displaces.
Agriculture consists largely of subsistence farming and animal husbandry.
Lissotesta major is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
Passing motorists have to take care through the village though, as there are three sets of speed cameras in the village.
A wall climb can also be made by outfielders or other position players by climbing the wall in foul territory to make an out.
For example, if someone receives $5000 in dividends from stocks they own, but their expenses total $4000, they can live on their dividend income because it pays for all their expenses to live (with some left over).
Romero was born in Salta where his father Roberto Romero was a politician, later governor of the province.
Jewett's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 37th in the individual sprint event at Oberstdorf in 2005.
OBRA designated a portion of these funds ($5 million in fiscal year 1995 and $10 million in each of FYs 1996 through 1998) for grants to state court systems to conduct assessments of their dependency courts, and to develop and implement a plan for system improvement.
Marc Chandler (born July 23, 1961) is a foreign exchange market analyst, writer, speaker, and professor.
Winning books are promoted nationally and are entitled to display the National Outdoor Book Award gold medallion.
The team, and the league just ended their seventh season.
The NEC Shun-Ei was a Nihon-Kiin Go competition.
In June 2010, it was announced that both Duffy and Frazier had left Whitesnake, with Michael Devin and Brian Tichy announced as their respective replacements.
Heppsora is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.
Anne Saffin (born 1 November 1954) is an Australian former politician.
Under the leadership of the Oklahoma Secretary of Transportation, the Department maintains public infrastructure that includes rail lines, state highways, state seaports and state airports.
A couple hundred Filipinos also work as maids and domestic workers.
Web server refers to server software, or hardware dedicated to running said software, that can serve contents to the World Wide Web.
In 2008, he was first capped by England C, the team that represents England internationally at semi-professional level.
The other kinds of additional puzzles included spot-the-differences, coloring pages, and a board game.
Following his stint with the SaberCats, he joined the AFL's New Orleans VooDoo; his AFL career ended when the VooDoo released him on April 8, 2011.
Its apparent magnitude is 5.26.
Mirels' score is a tool useful in the management of bone tumors, by identifying those patients who would benefit from prophylactic fixation if they have a high enough risk of pathological fracture.
Watch Dogs was a commercial success, breaking the record for the biggest first-day sales of a Ubisoft game and becoming the biggest launch of a new intellectual property in the United Kingdom at the time.
In the playoff, the Bruins eliminated the Pittsburgh Penguins in four games to capture the Eastern Conference championship, but lost the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals to the Western Conference playoff champion Chicago Blackhawks in six games.
According to the population census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15, 2002, the arrondissement had a total population of 5,541.
As a result of this state election, the SPD government lost its majority in the Landtag so that it had to form a coalition with the Greens who doubled their share of votes and seats compared to 1990.
Gypsy Taub (born Oxana Chornenky in 1969) is a Russian American naturism advocate, 9/11 truther, and former pornographic actress and club stripper most known for being part of the San Francisco public nudity movement.
It overlooks the plain and the Biguglia ( whose real name is Chjurlinu ) and locks the parade Lancone.
Acquired impairments of communicative abilities are present across all language modalities, impacting language production, comprehension, and repetition.
The Brussels bombings happened shortly after a series of police raids targeting the group.
Des Tobin (born 19 November 1938) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
The Sharper Image catalog and website are owned and operated by Michigan-based Camelot Venture Group, while the brand licensing is owned by ThreeSixty Group, Inc.
The spatula-shaped basal leaves have oval or lance-shaped blades on long petioles.
When the cost of installing a swimming pool in his summer residence was queried by cardinals, John Paul joked that it was "cheaper than another conclave".
Less than a year later Asterix would change their name to Lucifer's Friend.
He was announced as part of Echo Fox's starting roster on 5 January 2016.
Only a few of the original houses now survive - Nos. 42, 43 and 47 being notable examples.
Djeno is a small village in the Kouilou Region of Congo-Brazzaville.
It was built by John L. Schoolcraft (1804-1860), U.S. Congressman and uncle of Henry Rowe Schoolcraft.
He represented Australia in seven World Cup matches from 1975 and 1977.
Le Gassick now works in the Gold Coast real estate industry, having moved to Queensland in the 1980s.
It was founded by Basant Kumar Birla and Sarla Birla.
The squadron was reportedly disbanded in 1994, although a flying E-2C appeared in a flight school air show in 1998.
The surviving buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984; they are now house apartments.
Heidi Ann Swank (born 1968 in Prescott, Wisconsin) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 4, 2013 representing District 16.
Henry C. Courtney (born 1856, date of death unknown) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.
In 2002 the merger of Air BC, Air Ontario, Air Nova and Canadian Regional Airlines was finalized with the launch of a new name and brand-Air Canada Jazz.
In France and Germany it runs less than the Italian cut.
The first two series featured attractions and events primarily in the United Kingdom.
The Board was responsible for a recommendation that the Federal government should dredge the First Narrows of Vancouver's Burrard Inlet, allowing larger ocean-going vessels to moor in Vancouver's inner harbor.
The larvae build sand pit traps to capture prey.
He was picked by the San Diego Chargers in the third round of the 2001 NFL Draft, and he also played professionally for the Edmonton Eskimos and Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the CFL.
Rhombodera javana is a species of praying mantis of the Genus Rhombodera.
He was a three-star recruit ranked in the 2011 Rivals.com 150 and committed to playing for Butler.
This page contains an overview of the year 1995 in athletics.
The Vincent lifeboat engine was a unique design of two-stroke petrol engine.
Subsequently, Jacky open a chain of academic tuition centers, devoted to using technology to help students learn better.
The film was released on June 8, 2012 and is China's first monster movie.
The IIFA Best Art Direction is a technical award chosen ahead of the ceremonies.
An unlimited number of players could be penalized at once according to the rules of the day.
He was a high school football coach for Gulfport High School in Gulfport, MS.
Aheri (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state, western India.
The event was part of the 1951 AAA National Championship Trail, and was also race 2 of 8 in the 1951 World Championship of Drivers.
The Spraoi is a professional event that is also supported by more than 300 volunteers.
The Nicobar sparrowhawk (Accipiter butleri) is a species of bird of prey in the family Accipitridae.
He was the lead creator of Visudyne, a medication used in conjunction with laser treatment to eliminate the abnormal blood vessels in the eye associated with conditions such as the wet form of macular degeneration.
Ghani's brother and eight Israeli soldiers were slightly injured.
The most commonly consumed eggs are chicken eggs.
Edward R. Roybal Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a United States federal courthouse of the United States District Court for the Central District of California, in the Civic Center district of Los Angeles, California.
Takoradi is a town in the Western region of Ghana.
The song should not be confused with the 1962 Four Seasons hit of the same name.
He served as Opposition Critic for Transportation.
The song peaked at #73 on the Billboard Hot 100, #18 on the R&B chart, and #2 on the rap chart.
It provides C3I for the MAGTF.
A Search for Who We Are is a 1993 book by Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan.
Leopard was sunk as the foundation for a breakwater in 1699.
Series 3 is made up of six episodes and a making-of special.
The order of precedence is only used to indicate ceremonial protocol; it does not reflect the co-equal status of the branches of government under the Constitution, and is not an actual hierarchy.
James Cuthbertson (born 7 December 1947) is an English former professional footballer who played as an inside forward.
Bob Hope also made a brief introduction via cable from Sydney.
She was also selected for the Jamaican netball team to take part at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
The American public was introduced to ISIL with these actions.
Liturgical combs were distinguished from secular combs by their design and decoration.
Evan Hollin Jenkins (born September 12, 1960) is an American politician serving as the U.S. Representative for West Virginia's 3rd congressional district since 2015.
Neotachina is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae.
It is located in the Downtown Spruce Pine Historic District.
The physical release debuted at #1 on the UK Albums Chart and the US Billboard 200 chart.
Taruga fastigo is a species of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae.
It was released by the independent label Just Good Music for Your Ears as the lead single from Lear's album Brief Encounters.
Although it is no longer used as a post office, it is currently in use by several government offices, including the U.S. Marshals and U.S. Probation Office as well as the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma.
Tom Scott and The L.A. Express is a Jazz/Fusion album released in 1973 by Tom Scott backed by the L.A. Express.
Other entertainment presented at the theater includes movies and musical concerts.
Musically, "Take Back" is an R&B number that incorporates elements of pop and electronic instrumentation, such as keyboards and synthesizers.
The Giant Pin is the second album by The Nels Cline Singers led by American guitarist Nels Cline which was released in August 2003 on the Cryptogramophone label.
He is known for his victory at the Battle of Cynwit in 878, where his West Saxon forces defeated a Viking army led by Ubba, brother of the Viking chiefs Ivar the Boneless and Halfdan Ragnarsson.
An explosion can result from the mixture of metal-dust and air, the resulting dust explosion causing significant overpressure within metallic enclosures (aircraft, vehicles, metallic enclosures, etc.).
It records the experiences of the photographer Kurbanjan Samat and 100 of his Xinjiang subjects who work and live in Mainland China on which "I am from Xinjiang on the Silk Road" is based.
Before becoming an ambassador, Gioia served as the president of Gioia Macaroni Company and as Chairman of the National Pasta Association.
Paul J. Hopper is an American linguist of British birth.
The only overdubs done on the EP were some of the vocal parts.
Woodburn is a home rule-class city in Warren County, Kentucky, United States.
The U.S. state of Michigan has various policies restricting the production, sale, and use of different controlled substances.
A gait belt is a device used by caregivers to transfer care receivers with mobility issues from one position to another, from one location to another or while assistively ambulating patients who have problems with balance.
It is in the Dalston area of the London Borough of Hackney, on the western side of Kingsland High Street and opposite Ridley Road Market.
Rainbow Hospice and Palliative Care, founded in 1981, is one of the oldest and largest non-profit hospice and palliative care providers in Illinois.
Lisboa is an album released on November 6, 2006 by fado singer Mariza.
Melissa Curry (born 31 March 1970) is an Irish jewelry designer.
David Willison's earliest performing experience was in the piano trio formed with his brothers John, a violinist and Peter, cellist.
They also were co-editors and co-publishers of the art theory magazine Effects : Magazine for New Art Theory.
Indian and international course providers offer programs such as MBA, Executive MBA, MCA, MSc IT, MA, MCom, BA, BCom BBA, BCA and BSc IT on the company platform.
He grew up in Lagos State and DJ SPINALL is also the first African DJ to perform at the SXSW Festival in the United States.
For years, the Mayfair Club and other established underground poker clubs, were an "open secret among law enforcement officials".
Elvira Gina Sicilia (born March 6, 1985, Newtown, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia, United States) is an American blues singer.
Prior to the 1990s, the primary focus of information literacy was research skills.
In Glasgow the growing workforce was lived in squalid sub-urban tenements like those of the Gorbals.
It was their first hit with the third "Peaches", Linda Greene.
Pageant organizers have announced plans for a third contest, scheduled for June 2015.
The book won the 1977 Phi Beta Kappa Award in Science.
Through the latter he claimed descent from Rhirid Flaidd, a 12th-century nobleman of Powys.
From 2004 to 2005 she was President of the Canadian Economics Association.
Lateral inhibition disables the spreading of action potentials from excited neurons to neighboring neurons in the lateral direction.
Jeffrey Sayle (born 1 October 1954) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Australia.
Perfect Match Australia is an Australian dating game show based on the format of the American game show The Dating Game.
Apricosiren is an extinct genus of prehistoric salamander.
Typical closed sections include round, square, and rectangular tubes.
Columbia County is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon.
He produced the 1999 independent film Chillicothe, which was screened at the Sundance Film Festival and the 2005 independent computer-animated film Hoodwinked!, which was one of the first computer-animated films to be completely independently funded.
Twombly retired from Adobe and from type design in early 1999, to focus on her other design interests, involving textiles and jewelry.
It was commissioned by the Camden London Borough Council and installed in Camden, London in 2012.
The Financial Stability Institute (FSI) is one of the bodies hosted by the Bank of International Settlements (BIS) at its headquarters in Basel.
He is best known for his role as Lord Ashfordly in the ITV drama Heartbeat and for playing Lord Yohn Royce in the HBO series Game of Thrones in season 4, season 5, season 6, and season 7.
HUDs, battle systems, special effects, customized menus, and entirely scripted non-RPG games can be created with it.
His personal best jump is 17.15 meters, achieved in April 2004 in Doha.
As the head of the Government, the Governor is immune.
Roger Charles Altman (born April 2, 1946) is an American investment banker, the founder and senior chairman of Evercore, and a former Democratic politician.
This movement is mimicked by many infectious particles - namely viroids - to accomplish long ranged movement and consequently infection of an entire plant.
The childhood home of notable inventor and businessman Harvey S. Firestone, Columbiana is considered to be one of the most livable cities in the Mahoning Valley.
He conveys the message and Iseult and Tristan spend the night in a wooden cabin.
With Maine's baseball team, Buckley appeared in the 1981 College World Series.
It was the garrison of the Harbor Defenses of Portsmouth in World War II.
It was described by Milliere in 1867.
Other events permit crews to use any notes, either supplied to them by others or those they have compiled themselves.
Before he was in showbiz.
Julia Wu is a right-handed table tennis player from New Zealand who has represented New Zealand and Oceania in a number of international championships, including the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics held in Singapore and the 2015 Summer Universiade in Gwangju.
In contrast, because most UK radio broadcasts are distributed consistently and nationwide, the complications of measuring audiences that are present in American radio are not present for British radio.
Later is a 1933 American Pre-Code film directed by E. Mason Hopper.
She died of illness at her house at Umlazi Township in the KwaZulu-Natal (KZN) Province at the age of 77 in 2002.
It is native to estuarine waters in the western Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico.
These embellishments are very rarely observed.
The university was established in response to ethnic quotas on university enrollment implemented in the 1950s.
The Grand Texas Sports and Entertainment District is a privately funded entertainment complex scheduled to open near Houston, Texas, in the United States, around 2020.
He was succeeded by his grandson, Thomas, the second Viscount, the son of the Honorable Henry Belasyse.
Olidata is an Italian computer system manufacturer.
In 2018, she competed at the Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast.
The population of Castlepoint and its surrounds was 1,686 as recorded in the national Census of 2006.
The borough was named for Frances Folsom, wife of President Grover Cleveland.
He went to Crewe County Grammar School, two years below Mark Price the Managing Director of Waitrose, from 1974-79.
Their record label did not release their debut album in the United States.
Rayman is a side-scrolling platform video game developed by Ludimedia and published by Ubi Soft.
The 2007 Armenian First League season started on 25 April 2007.
In their scrutiny of the incident and Gandhi's statements thereafter, the authors claim that Gandhi gave divergent accounts of what happened on his journey to Pretoria.
He previously played for the New York Rangers and the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).
It was optimized for RISC processors.
He is praised for his elephant corps and cavalry.
He is a former executive member of the Kerala Lalita Kala Akademi, former jury member of the Raja Ravi Varma Award, former executive member of the Kerala Kalamandalam, Examination board chief of the institute of Mural painting (Mammiyur Krishnan Kutty Nair Smarakam), and a patron of the Narendra Prasad foundation.
Origin's first release was The Immortal Charley Patton.
Gold was discovered in Sumpter in 1862.
Di Na Maibabalik under Viva Records and now focusing on writing and producing her own songs.
Calling: Live in Hyde Park is a concert video of Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band's performance during the Hard Rock Calling music festival in Hyde Park, London on June 28, 2009.
However, in 2014 Bachir encountered a promising deal from Tadamon Zouk in the 2014 season after the team had reached the Lebanese first division since the 1999.
The event will be organized in Amsterdam for the first time in August 2015.
The band released their debut studio album, Grand Unification, the following year; Kerrang!
In 2001, Cymmer had a population of 2,883.Cymmer can also be spelled "Cymer", with "Cymmer" being the English-language version, and "Cymer" the Welsh language one.
This includes tree-planting, establishing and maintaining large parks and ecological reserves, shutting down or relocating some of the worst-polluting factories, and the generalized use of coalbed methane which burns much cleaner than coal.
The event featured the debut of Ian Rotten, The Public Enemy and commentator Joey Styles.
It arises from the tibial-fibular trunk.
The whisky distillery is located in Blackford, Perth and Kinross, close to the Ochil Hills and the Danny Burn, their main water sources.
Dragon's Lair is a laserdisc video game published by Cinematronics in 1983 as the first game in the Dragon's Lair series.
Lynchburg (also known as Lynch's Ferry) is an unincorporated community in east central Harris County, Texas, United States.
Belknap School (also known as the District No. 8 School House) is a historic former school house at 509 Greenville Avenue in the Belknap village of Johnston, Rhode Island.
This technology was also introduced on "e-stepping" Opterons, however it is called Optimized Power Management, which is essentially a re-tooled Cool'n'Quiet scheme designed to work with registered memory.
Employed by Mary of Guise, he was in France in February 1542 on some unknown errand, and on 31 March 1544, was sent thither with Sir John Campbell of Lundie on a mission to the French king.
At this time it is used by skiers and snowboarders.
In 2010, Chandler narrowly lost to Democrat Gary King in the race for the office of New Mexico Attorney General.
Indrakaran Reddy is an Indian politician from Telangana and Minister of Telangana State.
On 9 October 2014, the 2nd Battalion, 70th Armor regiment was activated and assigned to the 2nd Brigade, 1st Infantry Division, at Fort Riley, Kansas.
There are approximately 100 gomchens.
The VideoScribe iPad app won Best Mobile/Tablet B2B App at the 2013 MOMA Awards after being nominated in three categories.
An appulse is related to a conjunction, but the definitions differ in detail.
It does not substitute for training, but should be sufficient to allow a trained and competent person to adapt to the organization's specific procedures.
Talik also claimed that rocket propelled grenades sent to him in Italy had in fact been sent by Scaramella himself as an undercover agent.
Founded in 2005 by Todd Cochrane of Podcast Connect Inc., the Podcast Awards changed hands for a short period by New Media Expo in September 2014 until New Media Expos demise.
Kristin M. Davis (born July 7, 1977), formerly known as the Manhattan Madam, is a former madam who was famous for running a high-end prostitution ring in New York City which claimed to have offered its services to several high-profile clients, including Eliot Spitzer, Alex Rodriguez and David Beckham.
Cho Jea-ki (born 17 March 1950) is a Korean former judoka who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Nemophora selasphora is a moth of the Adelidae family.
He is Professor in Wireless Communications at King's College London, where he directs the Center for Telecommunications Research.
Secrets, also known as Danielle Steel's Secrets, is a 1992 American television film directed by Peter H. Hunt.
The Pentax Optio S50 is a digital compact camera announced by Pentax on August 16, 2004.
The school spent its first six years at 325 Bushwick Avenue, in limited space.
The town is home to Dallas County High School and J. E. Terry Elementary School.
Later in his life, he taught at University of Oklahoma and was the principal violist of the Oklahoma Philharmonic Orchestra.
Selhurst Park is an association football stadium located in the London suburb of Selhurst in the Borough of Croydon.
Premiere Travel was a bus company in Nottinghamshire.
Queensland tick typhus (or Australian tick typhus or (Rickettsial) spotted fever) is a condition caused by a bacterium Rickettsia australis.
PD is closely linked to the expected loss, which is defined as the product of the PD, the loss given default (LGD) and the exposure at default (EAD).
Hamasaki promoted the album on her 2008 10th Anniversary Asia Tour.
In 2009, he rode in events on the USA Cycling National Racing Calendar and UCI Continental Circuits for Team Type 1.
The two ends of the nebula are marked by FLIERs, lobes of fast moving gas often tinted red in false-color pictures.
Anisoneura salebrosa is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Because aliphatic carbon is tetravalent, this leaves ten bonds by which hydrogen atoms can attach to the carbon skeleton.
Damon Woods received his PhD in Southeast Asian History from the University of California, Los Angeles, and has since served as a lecturer at UCLA, University of California, Irvine, and California State University, Long Beach.
Its only member was Peter Faucett.
It is normally used for long-distance haulage, heavy duty distribution haulage and construction haulage.
Treatment for this condition is based on its symptoms.
Jong FC Zwolle (English: Young FC Zwolle) are the reserve team of FC Zwolle.
The 2020 United States Senate election in Texas will be held on November 3, 2020, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Texas, concurrently with the 2020 U.S. presidential election, as well as other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
It was the 47th Japan Series and featured the Pacific League champions, the Orix BlueWave, against the Central League champions, the Yomiuri Giants.
Valenus inornatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, and the only species in the genus Valenus.
Macronemata elaphia is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
Solar X-Ray Spectrometer, or SOXS, was an experimental payload launched onboard Indian geostationary satellite GSAT-2 by the Indian Space Research Organization, ISRO.
By the time of the mid-17th century, plate armor had adopted a stark and utilitarian form favoring thickness and protection (from the ever-more-powerful firearms which were redefining battle) over esthetics and was generally only used by heavy cavalry; afterwards, it was to disappear more or less completely.
Judson also appeared on episodes on Saving Grace as Ham's brother as a Marine.
These skills are taught in modern nursing education and also as a part of professional training.
Boophis lichenoides is a species of frog in the family Mantellidae.
They were required, or in practice entitled, to serve for at least one week per year during official ceremonies, and took part in Papal processions behind the Sedia Gestatoria, each wearing formal court dress and distinguished by a golden chain of office.
Pudukad Railway Station is operated by the Chennai-headquartered Southern Railways of the Indian Railways.
On 17 September 2008, she was elected to the Legislative Council in a countback for the Mining and Pastoral Region resulting from Vince Catania's resignation to contest a Legislative Assembly seat at the 2008 state election.
Sucre spiny-rat (Proechimys urichi) is a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.
He signed a three-year contract extension with the ECB in 2016, at the same time ending his connection with the ADCC in order to devote more attention to the ECB role.
The album was purportedly one of John Lennon's projects, but he died before he could see its completion.
Bradburn served as Corporate Secretary for the Toronto Police Association.
Ate My Hamster headline which was a very unpopular move with many of the other journalistic staff.
The Men's 3000 meters steeplechase event at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Daegu Stadium on August 29 & September 1.
Yevhen Zyukov (born 31 May 1978) is an Ukrainian sprinter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Clofazimine, sold under the brand name Lamprene, is a medication used together with rifampicin and dapsone to treat leprosy.
A squad is suited up and ready to respond, at all times, in instances when one or more detainees are combative or resistive.
Labor's Lyn Breuer from 2010 to 2013 was the first and only female Speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly.
Spherical Harmonic is a science fiction novel from the Saga of the Skolian Empire by Catherine Asaro.
Unlike other lighthouses the Nelson Head Light has no tower.
It has narrow, almost cylindrical leaves and up to four relatively small pale to deep pink flowers on a wiry, zig-zag stem.
Bosor was an ancient Biblical Levitical city and one of the three Trans-Jordanian Cities of Refuge named in the Mosaic Law.
Symbolic Link (SYLK) is a Microsoft file format typically used to exchange data between applications, specifically spreadsheets.
In 1895 the brewery was bought by Julius Lehrkind, whose descendants still operate beverage businesses in Bozeman.
Glen Alvelais (born February 22, 1968) is a heavy metal guitarist from the San Francisco Bay Area.
Some game systems, notably the Second Life virtual world and the Trainz franchise of Railroad simulators have been extensively extended in functionality by scripting extensions (Linden Scripting Language and TrainzScript).
Abortion in the Central African Republic is prohibited by law unless the pregnancy is the result of rape.
It split off from area code 415 on September 2, 1991.
Roseisle is a village near Elgin, Morayshire, in the Strathspey region of Scotland.
Scinax garbei is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.
The Dutch tax authorities are charged with levying and collecting taxes in the Netherlands.
Later the social networking community Classmates took a different approach by simply having people link to each other by using their personal email addresses.
Justin Gloden (born 22 March 1953 in Elvange) is a Luxembourgish athlete competing in the long-distance events.
Earlier in the season he had taken 7 for 78 and 3 for 51 in a victory for Northern Districts Under-23s over Wellington Under-23s.
As of the 2010 census, its total population was 7,555.
His son Dappula succeeded him as King Dappula II.
By 1985 he left the Shah groups and began working in Afghan refugee camps in Pakistan and making overland trips inside Afghanistan.
Sulpitia Cesis was born in 1577 in Modena, Italy.
The food training organization provides a blueprint for career-spanning, standards-based training curriculum that could raise the standard of food training nationwide.
He played one season in the Korea Baseball Organization for the Hyundai Unicorns in 2000.
He is known for his contributions to Greg Berlanti and The CW's Arrowverse, namely The Flash.
It is located about 20 km northeast of Innsbruck in the Lower Inn Valley.
Benthic landers are observational platforms that sit on the seabed or benthic zone to record physical, chemical or biological activity.
A 2005 BBC interview with a local Muslim man noted "a few dozen" practitioners and no mosque or meeting-place.
In the fours with Gatti, Lightfoot and Bill Moseley they repeated the feat of winning 14 of the 15 matches played.
The mechanical bull as an entertainment device as well as the commercial use of mechanical bulls gained popular appeal with the release of the 1980 movie Urban Cowboy.
It is found most commonly in the mandible in the region of the lower molar teeth.
Testing of pressure vessels for transport and storage of gasses is very important because such containers can explode if they fail under pressure.
David Edward Rumsey (30 March 1939 - 12 February 2017) was an Australian-born organist and composer.
The main character Alex Schlotsky is inspired by the true story of Chad Korpeck and Alex Barbag.
Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory is a free and open source multiplayer first-person shooter video game set during World War II.
There is at least one listing in each of Nevada's 16 counties and one independent city.
A church at the site is documented from the 14th century.
The series follows the adventures of Rebecca and Douglas MacKenzie as they search to find their parents who went missing on an expedition to the Sinkiang Desert in China.
HMS Berwick was a Rothesay or Type 12I class anti-submarine frigate of the British Royal Navy.
In 1977, Peterffy purchased a seat on the American Stock Exchange and played a role in developing the electronic trading of securities.
B, released on May 1, 2012, under Grand Hustle Records, Rebel Rock Entertainment, and Atlantic Records.
Oxyothespis philbyi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Oxyothespis in the order Mantodea.
Several prominent researchers from the United States visited SIAR, often on year-long guest research assignments.
It had a through and a bay platform.
Foot Loup is a waterfall of Scotland.
The wall was eight feet high and had twenty-five gunholes for its defenders to fire through if under attack.
Ludwigia (primrose-willow, water-purslane, or water-primrose) is a genus of about 82 species of aquatic plants with a cosmopolitan but mainly tropical distribution.
She is a former programming executive for the Comedy Central.
Gangs provide a level of organization and resources that support much larger and more complex criminal transactions than an individual criminal could achieve.
Sarmiento Department (Spanish: Departamento Sarmiento) is a department of Argentina in Santiago del Estero Province.
Rush Point is an unincorporated community in Nessel Township, Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.
Addison Trail is ranked as the 394th best high school in IllinoisThe population at Addison Trail, as of 2015, is 58.9% Hispanic, 4.2% Asian, 3.5% African American, 32.1% white, and .9% being two or more races.
Benefits equal approximately 70% of earnings and have a maximum per week, for a total of up to six weeks.
USSP is a planned Submarine rescue ship of the Marina Militare, financed with 2017's balance law.
This project proved to be her break after it landed on top 10 German album charts.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 18,172 people.
The decoration in sunken relief shows mainly Mose in front of different deities.
While some First Family members were loyal to Britain, others were Whigs who not only supported, but led the Revolution.
The 1978 national championship was won by Zamchin (a team representing railwaymen) their first, and as of 2016 their only recorded title, following their second-place finish in the 1974 championship.
He was born at St. Ives, Cornwall.
Sehetepkare Intef reigned from Memphis for a short period, certainly less than 10 years, between 1759 BC and 1749 BC or c. 1710 BC.
Haemophilus paraphrophilus is a species of Haemophilus.
The event took place in Toronto in Canada from 19 November until 28 November 1981.
The site has diverse habitats of grassland, woods, hedges, scrub, ponds and marsh.
On 2 November 2000, Bacon was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his equestrian achievements.
With crossing secured, a settlement developed here in the late 19th century, incorporating a stage stop on the Bozeman Trail.
She is best known for her role as Faith Yokas in the NBC drama series Third Watch (1999-2005).
Whichever term is used, it relates to the existence or non-existence of limits on Parliament's power in its legislative role.
The Maji Maji Rebellion was influenced by an African spirit medium who gave his followers war medicine that he said would turn German bullets into water.
Michael Anthony Richards (born July 24, 1949) is an American actor, writer, television producer and comedian, widely known for his portrayal of Cosmo Kramer on the television sitcom Seinfeld, for which he received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series three times.
Operated by Rhodesia Television (RTV), the service's headquarters later moved to Lusaka.
The Myrtle Grove post office opened in 1877 and closed in 1879.
His initial efforts, produced by John Wicks, led to a deal with Bong Load Records in Los Angeles, produced by Tom Rothrock (Beck, Foo Fighters, James Blunt, Richard Thompson) and Beale Dabbs.
A recently phylogenetic study found it to be the sister taxon of Palaeoxonodon.
In his will, he accused Rufrius Crispinus, a former commander of the Praetorian guard, and Cerialis of majestas.
Prior to Confederation, Abbott served three terms in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada.
Menin is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MEN1 gene.
Starlight coupe was a unique 2-door body style offered by Studebaker Corporation of South Bend, Indiana (United States) from 1947 to 1952 in its Champion and Commander model series.
The band had announced via their Myspace vlog that Big Chomper, Big Chomper would be featured on the soundtrack of the video game NHL 09.
Cada Dia Mejor is the sixth studio album by Mexican group Los Caminantes, released in 1985.
It is set to enter Steam's early access program in Q2 2018.
Redcliffe railway station is a station under construction on the Forrestfield-Airport Link in Perth, Western Australia.
Doug Singh is a Belizean politician and a member of the United Democratic Party.
Ablative armor is distinct from the concept of reactive armor which is actually in common use in modern armored vehicles.
West Pond is located east of Big Moose, New York.
It is the official publication for 24 prosthodontic organizations.
The Byron Public Cemetery is north of Byron, Wyoming.
They would later form a dominant part of the world's flora during the Carboniferous period.
Piazza Marina is a square of Palermo.
This gave her a considerable amount of musical training when in 1908 she became a student of Max Reger in Leipzig.
He has published more than ten books and has won a number of literary awards in the process.
The film script was written by S. Ayyaiah Pillai.
Kannaadikkadavathu is a 2000 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sooryan Kunissery.
It touches on the subject of telekinesis and follows the story of an adolescent girl who seeks revenge on those who ridicule her, while her mother tries to bring an end to her evil acts.
Originally a hunting park, and still used by the Duke for shooting, it now contains woods, moors, stretches of open grassland and Alnwick's home farm.
She made one Test, and 36 One Day International appearances for South Africa from 1997 until 2004.
His prior political experience includes serving as a Tama County Zoning Commissioner from 1996-1998.
Sant Kabir Nagar district is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.
The Sun Inn is a Grade II listed public house overlooking the village pond at 7 Church Road, Barnes in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
Eva Grubinger (born 1970 in Salzburg, Austria) is an internationally recognized sculptor and installation artist.
That Was and used in a sequence featuring the titular footwear (then fashionable).
He was the son of King Locrinus and Queen Gwendolen, who both ruled Britain separately.
His father, Marty Schottenheimer, was formerly the head coach of the Kansas City Chiefs and his uncle, Kurt Schottenheimer, was also the defensive backs coach for the Chiefs.
Colony aims to eliminate the complexity typically associated with the creation of modular applications, through a simplified unified model for component development.
The Aviary platform is also a free SDK that provides developers with a customizable photo editor that can be embedded into apps on iOS, Android, Windows, OS X, and the web.
He played for Spoleto.
This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1950 election and the 1953 election, together known as the 20th Parliament.
The last speaker of "pure" Eotile is reported to have died in 1993.
Her work has been influential in African American literature and identity studies.
The texts are believed to be composed during the Ur III Period (21st century BCE), but almost all of the extant copies come from Isin-Larsa period (20th-18th centuries BCE).
When a polyploid species arises, its genome contains homeologs, duplicated chromosomes with equivalent genetic information.
Petrus Johannes Wessels (born 29 November 1988) is a South African rugby union footballer.
It was subsequently reissued in 1997 as Evolution - The Music From Dr Who on Prestige Records.
Maple Grove is a town in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
The Gambit is a recording Finnish urban soul musician, producer and composer.
Thousands of eggs are released and reach either the bladder or the intestine (according to the infecting species), and these are then excreted in urine or feces to fresh water.
Strict United States Environmental Protection Agency regulations meant that the RZ500 was not available for sale in that country.
It is a center for research on vision and the only school of optometry in New York.
He was previously a senior news presenter with Nine News Sydney, presenting the weeknight news bulletin.
Based on the comic strip Li'l Abner by Al Capp, the show is, on the surface, a broad spoof of hillbillies, but it is also a pointed satire on other topics, ranging from American politics and incompetence in the United States federal government to propriety and gender roles.
It was a center for cardiac research, home to the UCL Center for Cardiology in the Young, and part of the UCLH/UCL Biomedical Research Center and the UCL Partners academic health science center.
Road signs in Argentina are similar to those of other South American countries.
Winchester Special (or .32 WS) is a rimmed cartridge created in October 1901 for use in the Winchester Model 94 lever-action rifle.
Billy Derian (born August 19, 1967) is an American television presenter and designer best known for hosting the Discovery Channel shows Backyard Brigade & Rods N Wheels.
Sweeney! is a 1977 British crime film, made for the cinema as a spin-off from the television series The Sweeney which aired on ITV from 1975 to 1978.
It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Zambia, Mozambique and eastern Zimbabwe.
The Illusion has a lighter mood than Kushner's most famous play, Angels in America, but the two plays share a love of poetic dialog and theatricality.
The three b-sides, live performances from their 1992 concert broadcast on BBC Radio, were later included on their 2011 album Live 1992.
A villanelle (also known as villanesque) is a nineteen-line poetic form consisting of five tercets followed by a quatrain.
She is known for being a fashion trendsetter in Europe and is currently living in Los Angelos.
NHL Breakaway 99 is an ice hockey game for the Nintendo 64 and is a sequel to NHL Breakaway 98.
Jigdo's features are similar to BitTorrent, but unlike BitTorrent, Jigdo uses a client-server model, not peer-to-peer.
In 1880, he produced another photographic album, titled An Illustrated Historical Album of Rajas and Taaluqdars of Oudh, comprising images of the landed gentry of Oudh.
The Senior Naval Officer, Persian Gulf was a British Royal Navy command appointment who was responsible for administering the Persian Gulf Station military formation including its establishments and naval forces known as the Persian Gulf Squadron later called the Persian Gulf Division.
It is celebrated in the month of Shraavana, which takes place in July and August on the Gregorian calendar.
The designated catchment area of the school was made up of the communities served principally by Ysgol y Graig Primary in Merthyr Tydfil and Penderyn and Hirwaun Primary Schools in Rhondda Cynon Taff, and is an area which suffers a high degree of economic deprivation.
He never won a Classic, but it has been suggested he would have won th 1869 2,000 Guineas on Belladrum, if he had not defied trainer's orders.
Heterosternuta wickhami, the hydroporus diving beetle, is a species of predaceous diving beetle in the family Dytiscidae.
Elaine is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on the Midland Highway between Ballarat and Geelong.
The merger created a parent company known as Unable Music Group, of which Unable Records and 0x1 Sound Studio are separate divisions, along with Unable Distribution.
One family of kinetoplastids, the trypanosomatids, is notable as it includes several genera which are exclusively parasitic.
A number of Pogo's works consist almost entirely of the sounds he samples, with few or no additional music or sound samples.
The Zhang's horned toad or Zhang's spadefoot toad (Xenophrys zhangi) is a species of amphibian in the family Megophryidae.
It was released on July 6, 2018 on their own label Stunvolume.
Three Norm Smith Medalists - Maurice Rioli, Michael Long and Cyril Rioli - were raised at the mission at Pirlangimpi.
In the 1997 Super League season Ryan was selected to represent New South Wales on three occasions in the Super League Tri-series, scoring a try.
Jyothy Institute of Technology (JIT) is a private engineering college in Bangalore, Karnataka, India, affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum and approved by AICTE - New Delhi.
Columbia delayed the release from October to December, and reportedly re-edited the film to make it more acceptable to North Korea.
Trent Runciman (born 3 April 1979) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs and Wests Tigers.
Romania first participated at the Olympic Games in 1900, with a single participant.
It was based on the 1926 play Yellow Sands by Adelaide and Eden Philpotts.
My Food Famous for A&E's FYI Network and placed fifth on Gordon Ramsay's MasterChef (U.S. Season 3).
Featuring vocals from artists such as Ayah Marar and Amy Pearson, the week of its release City of Gold reached No. 22 on the UK Dance Chart.
Kamilla Asylova (born 14 September 1998) is a Kazakhstani model who was crowned Miss Universe Kazakhstan 2016 and represented Kazakhstan at Miss Universe 2017.
There are 18 villages and 18 hamlets within the town of Oyster Bay.
KOAC (550 AM) is a radio station licensed to Corvallis, Oregon.
While the cinematography, music direction and art director received praises, the film's screenplay and direction was criticized for glorifying the alcoholism.
Released in 1982 Cooper went on to study at the University of the Witwatersrand completing his PhD as a Fulbright scholar at Boston University.
They are often used as an indicator that an archeological site is a post-contact Aboriginal site.
Lamberville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Welschbillig is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The team with the best record was the Robert Morris Eagles with eight wins and three losses, followed by Valley City State Vikings at seven wins and three losses.
Georges Plains is a locality in the Bathurst Region of New South Wales, Australia.
Rev Datuk Sebastian Francis, D.D., DSPN, is the 5th and current Roman Catholic Bishop of the Diocese of Penang.
Ninos Khoshaba is an Australian politician of Assyrian descent, and is a former member of Parliament of New South Wales.
See History of computer hardware in Croatia for more information.
It frequents black-spruce sphagnum bogs across the Canadian northwest from Ontario to the Yukon.
After the American Civil War, he moved to Kansas City where he opened a billiard hall.
The Richmond Hill Public Library is the organization that runs public libraries in the town of Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada.
After finishing second in France's jockey standings for 1972, Cruguet and his wife returned to the United States.
Two prototypes were built (s/n 46-687 and -688).
The PocketStation's most popular game was Dokodemo Issho, which sold over 1.5 million copies in Japan and is the first game to star Sony's mascot Toro.
Conscious evolution suggests that now that humanity is conscious of its history and of how things evolve (evolutionary consciousness), and given the rapid pace of change in society and culture, humanity can (and should) choose advancement through co-operation, co-creation and sustainable practices over self-destruction through separateness.
This is done by contrasting variants that survived natural selection with simulated mutations.
It is now produced and published by Media Culture PLC and has the strapline "for innovators in technology, manufacturing and management".
WJNV is owned and operated by Regina Kay Moore.
The College was founded in 1860 and comprises a primary and secondary school.
However, due to the unique and often esoteric nature of the BCS format, there had been controversy as to which two teams should play for the national championship and which teams should play in the four other BCS bowl games (Fiesta Bowl, Orange Bowl, Rose Bowl, and Sugar Bowl).
This approach exploits the fact that cancer cells often have molecules on their surface that can be detected by the immune system, known as tumor antigens; they are often proteins or other macromolecules (e.g. carbohydrates).
It serves the most heavily suburbanized areas of New Orleans, providing both local service and commuter access to Downtown New Orleans.
It is part of Township High School District 214, which also includes Buffalo Grove High School, Elk Grove High School, John Hersey High School, Rolling Meadows High School, and Wheeling High School.
They have reached the final round of Group I on four occasions.
It was created and promoted by an Australian whipmaker Gayle Nemeth.
They see each other as only loosely linked, and value personal goals over group interests.
Coastal fortifications were constructed in New Zealand in two main waves: around 1885 as a response to fears of an attack by Russia, and in World War II due to fears of invasion by the Japanese.
After a conversation with the other umpires, Reliford agreed to the replay and after a brief review upheld the initial home run call.
The title is taken from Robert Burns' poem "To a Mouse", which reads: "The best laid schemes o' mice an' men / Gang aft agley".
He was kicked in head by Niigata forward Rodney Webb and broke his nose in March 2014.
Slayden is a town in Dickson County, Tennessee, United States.
Legislative elections were held in El Salvador on 4 March 2018 to choose 84 members of the Legislative Assembly and 262 mayors.
In his sophomore season, he earned second-team All-Big 12 honors after leading the Aggies in scoring with 14.3 points per game.
Roberto Ruspoli (27 july 1972 - Rome) is an Italian television presenter and painter.
Arnaud Dubois (born 2 May 1986, Verviers, Belgium) is a Belgian racing cyclist who represents Belgium in BMX.
Etheria is a genus of freshwater mussels in the Etheriidae family of mollusk bivalves, and a part of the Unionoida order.
The colony ceased to exist in 1910, when it was absorbed into the Union of South Africa as Orange Free State Province.
DCH is operated by the DCH Health System, which also runs the Northport Medical Center and the Fayette Medical Center in Northport, Alabama and Fayette, Alabama, respectively.
Together with her husband, co-founder and chairman Doug Perkins, Dame Mary has three children, all of whom work for Specsavers, and are eventually expected to take over the privately owned company.
In addition to his work with Chinese hamster ovary cells, his work has enabled the use of process engineering for cell therapy especially with liver cells.
Dark Sunrise was nominated for Best Rap Recording at the 2004 Juno Awards.
In 2011 it had a population of 3,468, that during the summer gets to over 60,000.
That is, the order of the units is changed (the plaintext is reordered).
Khowai is also part of East Tripura Lok Sabha constituency.
Dunbar Township is a township in Faribault County, Minnesota, United States.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 12, 1990.
She was launched 30 July 1944 by Consolidated Steel at San Pedro, California, under a Maritime Commission contract; acquired by the Navy 28 November 1944 and commissioned the next day, Commander H. R. Adams in command.
The MUI technology is covered by an international patent titled "Multilingual User Interface for an Operating System".
Shelby is a city in Pottawattamie and Shelby counties in the U.S. state of Iowa.
Rob Clarke is a Liverpool born and based acoustic music/rock music singer-songwriter.
Anderson is a locality in Victoria, Australia.
Mamonaheng Mokitimi is the current president of the Senate.
It was published in paperback in June 2001, with a paperback reissue in July 2007.
Fuse Mediation Router is a rule-based routing and process mediation engine that combines the ease of basic POJO development with the clarity of the standard Enterprise Integration Patterns.
Monellan Castle was a large castellated mansion, in Killygordon, County Donegal, Ireland.
The track was criticized for resuming racing immediately after the crash and "destroying a crime scene" by the Alachua County Sheriff's Office.
It is a self-appointed body and does not hold any statutory powers from central government, meaning students and those seeking to enter the media industry do not have to legally hold one of its qualifications to obtain work as a journalist.
Peter Joseph Babando (born May 10, 1925) is a former National Hockey League player who skated for the Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, Chicago Black Hawks, and New York Rangers.
Marian Fell Library is an historic library in Fellsmere, Florida.
Crabtree is named after the American privateer Captain Agreen Crabtree, the first settler of Hancock.
Prior to that, Traber held positions as Chief Executive Officer of the University of Pennsylvania Health System and interim Dean, Chair of the Department of Internal Medicine for the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, Chief of Gastroenterology at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, and faculty member at the University of Michigan School of Medicine.
There is some confusion whether the term "mother" should be taken literally, or if it refers to old women in general.
The barony was inherited by the last Viscount's second cousin once removed, the great-grandson of General The Hon.
Canada started incorporating them into transportation first in the 1990s, and then added them to other aspects of the built environment in the early 2000s.
In January 2007 she appeared on Celebrity Big Brother.
Bomphiologia, also known as verborum bombus, is a rhetorical technique wherein the speaker brags excessively.
Norwegian policy states that .no is sufficient for those institutions connected to both Svalbard and Jan Mayen, and therefore the domain is not open to registration.
It lies along the Forcados River, popularly known by the Ijaws as Boloutoru.
Executives from the institute head up the Australian Tax Research Foundation, a non-profit organization that researches tax reform at the federal, state and local government levels.
A symbol of royal authority, it was used at coronations and in battles.
Heavy water (deuterium oxide, 2H2O, D2O) is a form of water that contains a larger than normal amount of the hydrogen isotope deuterium (2H or D, also known as heavy hydrogen), rather than the common hydrogen-1 isotope (1H or H, also called protium) that makes up most of the hydrogen in normal water.
It was developed from his 1995 essay entitled "Bowling Alone: America's Declining Social Capital".
Ray and Sheth also star together in another Shamim Sarif movie, I Can't Think Straight, released in November 2007.
As a lead engineer, Wyche assists the JSC leadership team with policy development, staff relations, strategic planning, and management integration of technical, mission support and communications activities.
Akale, his film won the Indian National Film Award and the Kerala State Film Award for best Malayalam feature film.
Largely on the strength of that innings, and after only four first-class matches, he was selected in the Sydney Test that began on 25 February 1955, opening with Colin McDonald.
The most commonly accepted standard dictates that the actual production of the chocolate must take place inside Belgium.
The Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) is a collegiate athletic conference in the United States of America in which its fifteen member universities compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA)'s Division I, with its football teams competing in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), the highest levels for athletic competition in US-based collegiate sports.
The earlier road, known as the Cumberland Road/National Road, ran on the first cast iron bridge constructed in the United States, at Dunlap's Creek.
Ice Nine Kills (sometimes stylized as ICE NINE KILLS or abbreviated INK) is an American metalcore band from Boston, Massachusetts who are signed to Fearless Records.
The 514th Air Defense Group is a disbanded United States Air Force (USAF) organization.
The White House Communications Agency (WHCA), originally known as the White House Signal Corps (WHSC) and then the White House Signal Detachment (WHSD), was officially formed by the United States Department of War on 25 March 1942 under President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
This is a list of candidates for the 1904 New South Wales state election.
Most of the craters that are large enough to have names are named after prominent figures in Celtic myths and folklore.
Lund has served as a diplomat in Copenhagen, at the OECD in Paris and as the Permanent Representation of Sweden to the European Union.
Patrick (Pat) "Simms" Simmons (born November 21, 1974 in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian curler.
Critical and commercial acclaim for the album exceeded expectations and the album went Gold in their native Finland.
Rockingham County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
After Hudson merged with Nash Motors, the Wasp was then built by American Motors Corporation in Kenosha, Wisconsin, and marketed under its Hudson marque for model years 1955 and 1956.
Perry N. Halkitis (born February 24, 1963) is an American of Greek ancestry public health psychologist and applied statistician known for his research on the health of LGBT populations with an emphasis on HIV/AIDS, substance use, and mental health.
A glovebox (or glove box) is a sealed container that is designed to allow one to manipulate objects where a separate atmosphere is desired.
Developed specifically for the GameCube due to its lack of JRPGs in its game library, the game was generally well-received by critics, but received lukewarm sales.
Tony Macedo (born 22 February 1938) is a Gibraltarian former professional association football goalkeeper who spent nearly his whole career at Fulham.
Average attendance is between 50,000 and 100,000 annually.
Dennis Gillette is one of three council members of the city of Thousand Oaks.
The Reckoning is a video game based on the role-playing game of the same name.
Brann will compete in the Tippeligaen and the Norwegian Cup.
Curtis Rae Hasselbring (born July 12, 1965, Fort Wayne, Indiana) is an American jazz trombonist.
The data can be sliced by removing all customers except for a group under study, and then diced by grouping by product.
He began his career in writing with the publication of Poovum Puzhayum (1988), a collection of short stories.
Eight teams took part, with the first round split into two groups of four, and the best two from each group advancing to the final group.
Expo 2025 is a forthcoming Universal scale Registered Exposition time slot sanctioned by the Bureau International des Expositions (BIE), based in Paris.
The pursued approach of the Action-Regulation-Theory is the integration of cognitive, behaviorism and social science orientated conceptions.
The party approached Ernest Charles Drury, who had not run in the election, to serve as party leader and premier.
The calcium rich margarite tends to form along the graphite rich crosses or bands within the chiastolite.
The Open Bioinformatics Foundation is a non profit, volunteer run organization focused on supporting open source programming in bioinformatics.
Previously the seat of the Bishops of Venafro, it is now a co-cathedral in the diocese of Isernia-Venafro.
Purple is a common term in politics for governments or other political entities consisting of parties that have red and blue as their political colors.
The baton used by Edgar S Kessell MBE and a conductor's music stand presented to the choir by the Holman Climax Choir, together with a considerable collection of much of the choir's early music, chapel Bibles & hymn books, the communion rail & pulpit front are all at the Cornish Heritage Collection at Poldark Mine museum in Wendron.
The party's founder was Umberto Bossi, federal secretary from 1991 to 2012.
The civil Parish population at the 2011 census was 308.It is situated around Forton Hall and the 14th century All Saints church, and is sited on the Roman road Via Devana and the modern A519 road between Newport and Newcastle-under-Lyme.
Softball' competition has been in the Universiade only in 2007 as optional sport.
However, because of selection effects, knowledge of these statistics is very incomplete.
Robert Christgau included the album in his "basic record library" for the 1950s and 1960s.
Sometime during the American Period, Anini-y was integrated to the Municipality of Tobias Fornier (formerly Dao).
The New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services approved the decision on April 1, 2014.
Acyphoderes acutipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The guides were originally developed for use within travel agencies, offering travel consultants reliable and authoritative information on thousands of worldwide destinations.
Mevar Kumar Jamatia is an Indian Politician from Tripura.
The 35th Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
It has branches in 22 States and focuses on health care, education, vocational training and employment.
Polinsky is also known for his work on the independent circuit under the ring name Sterling James Keenan.
The precise relationship between taxonomy and systematics, however, has changed along with the goals and methods employed.
Such a nexus will be absent if the action amounts to "intentional and arbitrary discrimination" or intentional systematic discrimination.
Jennifer Helen McLeod, ONZM (born Wellington, 12 November 1941 ) is a composer and former Professor of Music at Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand.
Fair Park Coliseum was a 7,200-seat, covered, open-sided, multi-purpose arena in Beaumont, Texas.
Yny lhyvyr hwnn (In this book) was the first book to be printed in the Welsh language.
Abdulrahman Ibrahim (born 9 November 1974) is a former Emirati footballer.
"Take care of the pence, and the pounds will take care of themselves."
Its meaning differs based on the hanja used for each syllable.
Many of the species in this genus were once classified in genus Arctium (Burdock).
He competed at the 1994 Winter Olympics, where he placed 14th, and at the 1998 Winter Olympics, where he placed 21st.
2013 CNBLUE Blue Moon World Tour was the 2013 live concert tour of South Korean rock band CNBLUE in support of their fifth EP, Re:Blue, which was released on 14 January 2013.
Mathilde Halla first became involved in the anti-nuclear movement in Austria in 1973 when she joined a small activist organization called Citizens Against Atomic Danger, while working as a schoolteacher.
Orpheus Pledger (11 May 1993) is an Australian actor.
He also had a light orchestra and recorded instrumental versions of many of the hits of the day.
He also edited an anthology with the writer Marco Lodoli.
The Inner Niger Delta, also known as the Macina or Masina, is the inland delta of the Niger River.
They feed primarily on small fish and squid, although they can take larger prey.
Super Middleweight title in 2005 when he decisioned Carl Daniels for the vacant title.
Mystic ran for 43 issues (July 2000 - January 2004).
Frank Dunphy is an Irish-born, British-based business manager, entrepreneur and accountant.
Ultimate Collection is a compilation album by American recording artist Anastacia, released on November 6, 2015 by Sony Music.
Like its predecessor, D is based on the real-life Mumbai underworld organization, the D-Company.
J7006, which belonged to No.
It tells the story of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly with an eclectic score combining rock opera, vaudeville and burlesque.
A fuzzy cognitive map is a cognitive map within which the relations between the elements (e.g. concepts, events, project resources) of a "mental landscape" can be used to compute the "strength of impact" of these elements.
The first part is WS, the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Samoa.
The main primary industries in the largely agricultural district were wheat and barley growing and sheep grazing, with irrigated crops along the Murray River, and tourism along the river being of increasing importance.
More precisely, if X is a set, "almost all elements of X" means "all elements of X but those in a negligible subset of X".
His more noteworthy designs include the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore and the Aranya Low Cost Housing development in Indore which was awarded the Aga Khan Award for Architecture.
The film is not well regarded, being the last in the series before its cancelation, and barely a "ghost story" at all.
Cessnock Labor MLA George Neilly resigned on 8 September 1978.
From the late 1970s through the mid 1990s he performed widely as a tenor with opera companies and orchestras in the United States.
Patricia Duffy Barksdale (born February 26, 1971) is a United States Magistrate Judge for the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida and is a former nominee to be a United States District Judge of the same court.
The main event was Chris Benoit versus Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship, which Benoit won by pinning Triple H with a roll-up.
She was a co-founder of Vector Graphic, one of the earliest PC companies, and was president and CEO of the educational publishing company Good Morning Teacher!
In 1985 Mark Crispin was hired to work with Bill on what became the IMAP protocol.
With about 1200 students, Greer High is a moderate sized school in Greenville County, South Carolina.
The club has hosted the U.S. Open and the PGA Championship, as well as the U.S. Senior Open, the Senior PGA Championship, and the U.S. Amateur.
He is also the co-owner of a training and communications consultancy.
A tipped tool is any cutting tool in which the cutting edge consists of a separate piece of material that is brazed, welded, or clamped onto a body made of another material.
Back in 2014, the England cricketer had proposed to current Indian cricket team captain Virat Kohli on Twitter.
Working Assets' first product was the Better World Credit Card.
The Chicago Symphony Orchestra performed in the theater until 1904 as well as the Chicago Grand Opera Company and its successors the Chicago Opera Association and Chicago Civic Opera until its relocation to the Civic Opera House in 1929.
The singles "Place to Breathe", "Reinventing the Wheel" and "Popular Teenage Disease" achieved a moderate amount of radio play in several American radio markets.
As well as attracting around 4000 guests, the conference has historically included the largest evangelical student conference in Europe.
White's efforts to desegregate Charlottesville extended well beyond the newspaper.
Paradise is the eighth solo album by Leroy Hutson, the first (and only) album to be released for Elektra Records, after his contract with Curtom Records ended.
The agency believes that it received either incomplete or falsified certification information.
Research into this usage suggests that it may not, in fact, have had anything initially to do with Chinese people, but is instead a corruption of "Chaney's home run", from a foul by a player of that name which supposedly won a game when the ball thus hit, the only one remaining, could not be found.
The planned 8 acre orchard will include honey berries (AKA Haskap), raspberries and high bush blueberries.
Trent Hunter (born June 5, 1980) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger.
Live EP is an EP by American singer-songwriter Josh Ritter.
Petrina Fung Bo Bo (born 30 October 1954) is a Hong Kong actress.
Harrison was a model for four years but was soon cast in BBC's Saturday night program, Casualty, as paramedic Nikki Marshall.
Originally christened the Spring Branch Community Coliseum, it was renamed in 1992 for local basketball coaching icon Don Coleman.
Lakeview School is responsible for prekindergarten children, housing also the district's administrative offices.
The purpose of the Salton Sea Authority is to work with California state agencies, federal agencies, and Mexico to develop programs that would continue beneficial use of the Salton Sea.
He received the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize (Germany's most prestigious research funding prize) in 2013 jointly with Achim Rosch for their contributions to the physics of strongly interacting quantum systems.
Virso is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.
Geochemical laboratory consisting of fully automated X-ray Fluorescence Spectrometer (XRF), Atomic Absorption Spectrometer, Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometer (ICPMS), and Electron Probe Micro Analyzer (EPMA).
Biz Kid$ is an educational television/sketch comedy/variety show that teaches financial education and entrepreneurship to babies, toddlers, kids, preteens and teens.
The station is an affiliate of Radio 74 Internationale and is currently owned by Dawn Adventist Broadcasting.
The following list contains persons of note who were born, raised, or spent portions of their lives in Gjilan.
Wheeler Antabanez is the alter-ego and pen name for Montclair, New Jersey-based writer Matt Kent (born January 31, 1977).
Among those major Protestant Christian traditions that employ congregationalism are those Congregational churches known by the Congregationalist name that descended from the Independent Reformed wing of the Anglo-American Puritan movement of the 17th century, Quakerism, the Baptist churches, and most of the groups brought about by the Anabaptist movement in Germany that migrated to the US in the late 18th century, as well as the Congregational Methodist Church.
This species is known from the Philippines on Luzon Island.
Stefano Volpi or Volpe (c. 1585-1642) was an Italian painter from the early Baroque art period, mainly painting sacred subjects in Siena, Italy.
Built of hand hewn pine for Haywood English in 1820, the cabin is part of a historical park beside Clarkesville's town square.
Other language features, such as PeopleCode data types and metastrings, reflect the close interaction of PeopleTools and Structured Query Language (SQL).
Numerous areas have offered free and rapid HIV testing to the public, including Atlanta, Georgia on World AIDS Day, December 1.
In addition, environmentalists have voiced their concerns over the pipeline's impact on the natural environment, citing several spills.
It has an enclosed, non heated shelter and used to be opened 1 hour before and 1 hour after trains.
The Indian social activist and retired Indian police officer, Kiran Bedi plays the role of the body officially appointed to settle a dispute.
Aforia staminea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.
He played in 3 Munster finals.
Nearly 6,000 students attend the College's many community education and community services classes.
Manoj was awarded Best Editor at the 2015 Kerala State Film Awards.
The first player ever selected in the draft, Heisman Trophy winner Jay Berwanger, chose not to play professional football.
Twenty-five people have served as Secretary of State of Puerto Rico since the adoption of the Constitution of Puerto Rico in 1952.
India had honored her with the Padma Shri in 2004 for her contributions in the study of Vedas.
Charles Fairfax was a Church of Ireland priest in the first quarter of the 18th-century.
The race is restricted to two-year-olds who were sold through the New Zealand Bloodstock Yearling Sales held at Karaka.
He calls himself the "prophet of the condom" and "the prophylactic prophet."
John Barnard (born 4 May 1946, Wembley, London) is a race car designer and is working with Terence Woodgate designing high specification carbon fiber furniture.
Sumner is included in the Lewiston-Auburn, Maine metropolitan New England city and town area.
DeVon is a given name.
These have been repeated over the years, most recently on ITV Encore in 2015, shortly after the broadcast of the new BBC adaptation Mapp and Lucia and the death of Geraldine McEwan.
Since accelerators do not use fissile materials, they are expected to be a welcome replacement of research reactors, as they do not pose a proliferation or an environmental concern, and they have much better public acceptance than nuclear reactors.
It flows through the Spitter Valley and has the highest waterfall in Thuringia.
This was their sixteenth of 16 Commonwealth Games having participated in all Games meets up to these Games.
The 2016 Rafael Nadal tennis season officially began on 4 January 2016 with the start of the 2016 Qatar Open.
The Football New South Wales National Training Center is run by the Football Federation Australia in conjunction with Football New South Wales, in Sydney, for Australian youth players.
The census area includes the unincorporated communities of Clair-Mel City and Palm River.
It is owned and operated by Live Nation.
It was added to the playlist of British national radio station BBC Radio 2 on October 19, 2013, and officially impacted contemporary hit radio in the United Kingdom on November 4, 2013.
Andesi Setyo Prabowo (born October 1, 1989 in Banyumas) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Pelita Jaya FC in the Indonesia Super League.
Replicating the actual gene is impossible; thus organisms instead equalize the expression from each gene.
William Tecumseh Sherman Fitch III (born 1963) is an American evolutionary biologist and cognitive scientist, and at the University of Vienna (Vienna, Austria), where he is co-founder of the Department of Cognitive Biology.
Additionally, imprints of the animal's legs and telson were identified.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 3,958, making it the least populous city in Virginia, along with the westernmost.
In July 2017 it was reported that two rounds of chemotherapy had been successful in treating the cancers.
Another type of kamleikas were made as ceremonial robes, and were much more decorative than the hunting kind.
Trofino is a local supermarket chain in Athens, Greece.
This album is now available on CD on the Hallmark label.
The clubhouse became part of what is now Florida College in the 1930s.
Bursley includes a convenience store, the Blue Apple, and a dining hall that serves all students living on North Campus.
A 52-Week Life Planner based on the television series was released in 2013 and offers day-by-day, step-by-step strategies and tips for successfully managing household finances.
A drama with slight tinges of black humor and satire, the film stars Jayasurya, Nivin Pauly, Mukesh, Nadia Moidu, Remya Nambeesan.
The production was filmed entirely in Second Life using machinima, the use of real-time 3-D graphics engines to create animated films.
When the Republicans gained this majority of seats in the 104th Congress, the Contract was seen as a triumph by party leaders such as Minority Whip Newt Gingrich, Dick Armey, and the American conservative movement in general.
Fetaix is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Morocco.
This planet has mass 23% of Jupiter or 77% of Saturn and orbits at 1.25 AU from the star.
On January 15, 2000, the final show at Lounge Ax was headlined by The Coctails (who reunited for the occasion), with Dianogah and M.O.T.O. opening.
As of February 2010, he plays for Royal Leopards in the Swazi Premier League and has won 17 caps and scored one goal for his country.
The 2001 World Figure Skating Championships were held at the GM Place in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada from March 17 to 25.
In 2000, two years after his retirement from playing, Worsfold joined Carlton as an assistant coach, remaining in this position until the end of the 2001 season, when he was appointed senior coach of West Coast, replacing Ken Judge.
He works primarily in watercolor, acrylic paint, poster art, and lithographs.
Reading Racers (known as the Reading Bulldogs for 2006 and part of 2007 season) are a British motorcycle speedway team.
Some of them were borrowed in medieval times, some were introduced by Huguenot immigrants in the 17th and 18th centuries and others have been borrowed in the 19th and 20th centuries.
He led the NL in doubles and triples in 1968.
For this album the band changed the name from Shin Terai to Shine.
The bomb threat announcement and the subsequent evacuation order is included on the recording and is, in fact, a "hidden" track and is not listed on the record sleeve or CD cover.
Like all their close relatives, they are native to the Neotropics; an introduced population exists in Florida.
He competed at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, where he ranked #44 in the 400 m freestyle competition with a time of 3:59.97.
Tiger Arena is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Savannah, Georgia, United States.
Saskia endured the schedule of filming during the day and performing as Mimi at night.
The current alderman for Ward 3 is Brandon Bosley Ward 3 contains parts of many neighborhoods, including JeffVanderLou, St. Louis Place, Hyde Park, College Hill, Fairground Neighborhood, and O'Fallon.
The History of Sudan under Muhammad Ali and his successors traces the period from Muhammad Ali Pasha's invasion of Sudan in 1820 until the fall of Khartoum in 1885 to Muhammad Ahmad, the self-proclaimed Mahdi.
A shark repellent is any method of driving sharks away from an area.
1969 NAIA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was held in March at Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City, Missouri.
Its transmitter is located in Fairchild, Wisconsin, sharing the tower with WEAU.
He joined Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland in 1989 and four years later became its head.
He is the CEO and founder of Western Benefit Solutions, a San Jose-based firm that deals in benefit plan consulting.
On June 20th, 2018, Match Group acquired 51% ownership of Hinge.
Ground substance provides lubrication for collagen fibers.
In Rich Eisen's 2013 annual 'Run Rich Run' event, Sandcastle appeared giving tips to Eisen.
It is the first (chronologically) set on the planet Vishnu.
The payment solutions provider allows customers to make mobile/DTH recharges, money transfers through banks and the Oxigen Wallet, utility bill payments, and other similar payments.
They produce engineered custom plastic parts for customers in the medical, automotive, electronic, telecommunications, consumer goods, and other industries.
Baduci (also known as Badeucy or Badeucey) is a combination of Badugi poker and deuce to seven triple draw, and uses hand values similar to lowball.
He is currently considered one of the best League of Legends mid-laners on the western servers.
The winner of this race receives automatic entry to the Golden Slipper Stakes.
King develops games for the web, for mobile (iOS, Android, Windows Phone), Facebook, and Windows 10.
In November 2017, Brian Barnhart was named the team's president as they prepared to join the series full time.
USS Balch (DD-363) was a Porter-class destroyer in the United States Navy.
The Burnt Springs Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
He received his first popular exposure for his work on the comic title Grips, published by the defunct publisher Silverwolf Comics.
In some versions, Nila also assists in this task.
The range of the species within this genus extends from Costa Rica to southeastern Brazil.
The side tufts on segments five and six are light brownish yellow rather than white.
It features a mixtures of blues, jazz, R&B, world beat, and Latin in two rooms on two different floors.
The order was created in 2001 to contain the single family Pyxidiophoraceae, circumscribed in 1971.
Negah is the fourth official studio album by Iranian singer-songwriter Mohsen Yeganeh.
It is distinguished by its minaret and by its dark stone front decorated by black lines and white ornamentations.
He later served as Captain of the Honorable Band of Gentlemen Pensioners and as Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.
It has a branch in the Basque Autonomous Community known as Zutik.
The John M. Earle House is a historic house located at 352 Durfee Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The bank operated 173 branches in Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho.
Pelvic lift (also known as pelvic tilt) is an exercise to strengthen the lower back, glute muscles, lower abdominal muscles, and maintain hip muscle balance.
Auralia was a proposed colony that would have been formed out of the south-eastern portion of the colony of Western Australia in the early twentieth century, and would have joined the newly formed Commonwealth of Australia.
By the end of that year, after the commission had looked at shipping on the Mississippi River and the Great Lakes, a minority of its members concluded that the nation needed a comprehensive water resources policy along with an autonomous commission of experts to plan and construct water projects that embraced entire river basins.
Older, obsolete synonyms include Crepidotus bresadolae and Crepidotus pubescens.
It was listed on the National Register in 1982; the owner then planned to renovate the house.
It is aimed at children ages seven to fourteen and is designed to teach children mathematical computation and problem solving skills.
Don Stitt (born January 25, 1956) is an American actor and playwright who has been featured in four Broadway musicals, appeared 20 times on the Late Show with David Letterman, and starred in countless commercials.
They are acknowledged as one of the earliest bands to fuse hardcore punk and heavy metal with elements of hip hop.
The program initially had an alternate title, The Story of Michael West.
The synod consists of congregations located in northern Louisiana, including Monroe and Shreveport; northern Texas generally north of a line from Marshall, Longview, Tyler, Rosebud, Bartlett, Kileen, San Angelo, and Midland/Odessa; one congregation in Durant, Oklahoma; and one congregation in Clovis, New Mexico.
The national parks are the public lands or bodies of water of special environmental, historical and other importance, which bear the status of governmental protection.
Canadair Plant One is still there, although the airport no longer exists.
Pseudogenes of this gene have been characterized.
The company raised $8 million by 2012 mostly from an undisclosed angel investor.
It is the last edition before the suspension for the Second World War.
Thomas L. Ambro (born December 27, 1949) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
It is reported sporadically south to Washington, Wyoming, Georgia, and Virginia.
Volcano surfing can be an extreme sport.
The Carlson twins work together as male fashion models.
Participants are required to carry at least 1 liter of water, which is supplied at the start of the hike.
Mann spent his early years recording for a number of jazz oriented record labels, and signed with Atlantic Records in 1961.
By the end of the 1950s, the student population was at 10,000, and the renamed San Diego State College was now the fourth largest California state institution.
The split came in part because the Memphis LATA extends some distance into northern Mississippi, meaning a large block of numbers in Memphis' area code 901 are unavailable for use.
The channel where planned to be available via TV 2's IPTV distributors, but in January 2012, the channel was closed.
Endemic to Australia, it was recently described by Taylor in 2011.
Glynn Maxwell Hewitt (born 16 January 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.
Both CLIOHRES and CLIOH-WORLD are currently in operation as of December 2011.
The Teeth of the Tiger is a thriller novel by Tom Clancy.
It is scheduled to be released in a limited release and through video on demand on February 16, 2018, by SP Releasing.
In the 137th Delaware General Assembly session the Senate had a Democratic majority and the House had a Republican majority.
It was written by Jorge Amado in 1984.
The Show was broadcast from Monday to Friday at 6:00pm Argentine time.
Michael, bishop of Tarazona was a patron.
Via the Little Ocmulgee and Ocmulgee rivers, it is part of the Altamaha River basin draining to the Atlantic Ocean.
Mindoro was a province of the Philippines from 1921 until 1950 when it was split into two provinces, Occidental Mindoro and Oriental Mindoro.
The genus includes one species, Killikaike blakei, that lived in Argentina during the Early Miocene.
It has been tentatively identified with ruins near Ain El Hadjar in Algeria, south of Saida.
The league folded after one season, with three of the remaining teams moving to the Southern Professional Hockey League, but the Slammers folded before making the move.
Carolina has modeled in campaigns for Botkier, Mango (clothing), Penny Black, Bik Bok, and Nastygal.
English also has a past perfect progressive (or past perfect continuous) form: "had been writing".
The two divisional winners play each other to determine the overall champion.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate.
The album was remastered in 2003 for rerelease on Legacy/Columbia/SME.
It has offices in Redmond, Washington and laboratories in the Fremont neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.
Their debut album Volatile was released in October 2008 and their follow up Let Oceans Lie released in January 2010.
After leaving PBS, Duggan eventually settled in Palm Beach, Florida becoming the CEO of the Society of the Four Arts, leaving the organization for retirement in 2014.
The year 2015 was marked, in science fiction, by the following events.
Wisely Series are a series of Chinese adventure-science fiction novels written by the Hong Kong novelist Ni Kuang.
It operates Hinsdale Central High School and Hinsdale South High School.
Joris Voorhoeve served as Co-Chair of the Board of the Global Partnership for the Prevention of Armed Conflict, GPPAC, from 2010 till 2017, and as Chair of the Board of the foregoing institution, the European Center for Conflict Prevention, ECCP, from 2007.
Mohammad Fayek Uz Zaman is a Bangladeshi academic and the current Vice Chancellor of Khulna University.
The weapons have been criticized for being inaccurate.
The Complaint of Mars, is one of Geoffrey Chaucer's short poems that has elicited a variety of critical commentary.
He has also coached the U.S. Women's National Team at the Olympics.
These offices are usually located near the busiest yards or stations, and their operational qualities can be compared to air traffic towers.
It comprises AgustaWestland Wildcat HMA.2 helicopters and is the largest helicopter squadron in western Europe.
In February 1977, the Cypriot government decided to arrest six EOKA-B extremists and try them for the assassination of ambassador Davies.
Virgin Veritas is an imprint of French classical music record label Virgin Classics dedicated to early music and historically informed performance.
Since 1992, South Africa has participated in two Semi finals of the World Squash Team Open.
Aboriginal Protection Board refers to a number of historical Australian State run institutions with the function of regulating the lives of Indigenous Australians.
He has released several albums and has appeared on Gordon Johnson's Trios V1 and V3 with Steve Gadd on drums and performed on many other artist recording projects.
The Conservation Reserve Program has a limit of $50,000 per person per year, the Environmental Quality Incentive Program (EQIP) limits total payments to $450,000 to any participating producer, and the Conservation Security Program has annual payment limits for each of the three alternative levels of participation.
Namakagon is a town in Bayfield County, Wisconsin, United States.
He also attempted to copy the famous "old Faithful" bike used by Graeme Obree, to be used as a spare in an attempt on the world hour record.
These sets can be used as a supplement to support a reading or literacy curriculum currently implemented in the classroom.
It differs from other types of radiation therapy in that electrons emitted via the Auger effect (Auger electrons) are released in large numbers with low kinetic energy.
The screenplay by Narendra Ningomba is based on Khaidem Pramodini's novel and drama Kabok Oikhrabi Kaboklei.
On September 27, 2013 was announced through official site the end of activities for next May 31, 2014.
May 2017 and now renamed as 55665/66 Silchar Vangaichungpao passenger.
Pacific yew (Taxus brevifolia) is also vulnerable to P. lateralis but less susceptible than Lawson cypress trees, and tree mortality has only been observed in areas where C. lawsoniana trees were also infected.
It was built in an 18th-century style in the 19th century and typical of Maryland domestic architecture.
Hetero Drugs Limited founded by Dr. B. Parthasaradhi Reddy.
It is the company's first internally developed MMORTS, and second published MMORTS, after War of Legends.
By the end of 1990, the album had sold over 200,000 copies and became the band's highest-charting album to date in the United States, peaking at No. 96 on the Billboard 200.
Magical Power from Mars is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O., released in 2003 by Important Records.
The song was written by Henderson, Louis Schoorl, Hayley Warner and Alex Hope, and produced by Schoorl.
Two candidates were elected from each of the 176 constituencies, with a second round of voting required if one or both of the candidates failed to win over 50% of the vote in the first round, or neither of the candidates with over 50% were classed as a worker or farmer (each constituency had to have at least one farmer or worker representing it).
He was also the mayor of the village of Trumansburg, New York, United States from March 2004 until March 2007.
Gay Hendricks (born 1945 in Leesburg, Florida) is a psychologist, writer, and teacher in the field of personal growth, relationships, and body intelligence.
Botorrita II is in the Latin language, but Botorrita I, III and IV, inscribed in the Celtiberian script, constitute the main part of the Celtiberian corpus.
Notion is the common translation for Begriff as used by Hegel in his Science of Logic (1816).
Qazim Sejdini (born February 12, 1951) is an Albanian politician serving as mayor of Elbasan, Albania since 2007.
The R71 is a provincial route in South Africa that connects Polokwane with Kruger National Park via the major towns of Tzaneen and Phalaborwa.
SS Pretoria, a sister ship of SS Graf Waldersee and SS Patricia, was built in 1897 as a commercial passenger ship at Hamburg, Germany, by Blohm + Voss for Hamburg-Amerikanische Paketfahrt A.G..
Euthanasia in the Netherlands is regulated by the "Termination of Life on Request and Assisted Suicide (Review Procedures) Act" from 2002.
She appeared in the six-issue run of the Champions comic published by Eclipse Comics, then in several of her own comics series as well as The League of Champions, all published by Heroic.
Austal has three major ship building facilities.
The Chief of Naval Personnel (CNP) is responsible for overall manpower readiness for the United States Navy.
It is native to areas of several continents, including Africa and North and South America, and present as an introduced species in many other areas.
Martti Vainaa & Sallitut aineet is a Finnish pop-group that was formed in 2001.
The final comic book work of artist Jack Cole was in Web of Evil #3 (March 1953).
Containing electronic sounds and more minimal guitar work, the album was marked by Albarn's growing interest in hip hop and African music.
It was founded in 1855, making it the oldest continuously operating church established in Fort Worth, Texas.
Davisomycella is a genus of fungi within the Rhytismataceae family.
The creatine phosphate shuttle is an intracellular energy shuttle which facilitates transport of high energy phosphate from muscle cell mitochondria to myofibrils.
Meanwhile, two mounted divisions remained in the Middle East to fight against Turkish forces in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
The Frank Heath House at 11 Loudon Street is a particularly notable Colonial Revival house, with a high hip roof, a full front porch, and Palladian windows.
FAM167A and its paralogs are protein encoding genes containing the conserved domain DUF3259, a protein of unknown function.
This medley would later feature on Gord's Gold and would become a concert staple.
Chuckanut Bay Geoducks is a member of the Pacific Northwest Rugby Football Union and the Fraser Valley Rugby Union located in Bellingham, Washington.
Coming up in the St. Louis Cardinals organization, Tilson was rated as the Best Defensive Outfielder in 2012 and Fastest Baserunner in 2013 of the organization by Baseball America, while also ranking as high as ninth best prospect in the organization, in 2014.
Apothecary is a 2014 Indian Malayalam-language medical thriller film directed by Madhav Ramadasan, and produced by George Mathew and Baby Mathew under the banner of Arambankudiyil Cinemas.
MedicAnimal is a London-based online pet healthcare retailer.
In the act of saving her, Frank is disfigured, but the two fall and love, marry and have a child.
Anti-gal is a human natural antibody that interacts specifically with the mammalian carbohydrate structure gal alpha 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc-R, termed, the alpha-galactosyl epitope.
Entering shadow cabinet in 2004, he was re-elected at the 2006, 2010 and 2014 elections, and holds the seat with a margin of 12.9 points.
He assumed senior status on January 1, 2018.
The album was released on 23 September 1991 by Mercury Records.
Starlite Walker is the first full-length studio album by indie-rock group Silver Jews.
The zone of transition is an area of flux where the land use is changing.
A music video for "Engwish Bwudd" was directed by Lindsay Kovnat, and was featured on the Nicktoons Network Animation Festival in 2006.
Linda Bandry is a Latin-American singer.
Sam Hallas (born 18 October 1996) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays for the Bradford Bulls in Betfred League 1.
The album marks a point in the series in which the musical content began branching out to compile fuzz-drenched psychedelia and more standard pop rock-influenced numbers.
Its members are both academics and members of the public from all over the world with a diverse range of interests in the history, art history, architecture, literature and culture of the 18th century.
A high-definition remake, developed and published by Finish Line Games, and titled Cel Damage HD, was released for PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita on April 22, 2014 in North America and May 14, 2014 in the PAL region.
The EP was named after their friend and European driver Dmitrij Rogovik.
A version of this tune was played in the film Titanic.
Here he completed his primary schooling, showing early signs of an artistic bent.
Beetle mimicry is rather common in spiders (including salticids), and has probably developed independently several times.
Prior to the election, 17 news organizations considered Tennessee a win for McCain.
It has the largest number of distance learning course offered via e-learning and m-learning with a student base in both Sri Lanka and the Maldives.
They are led by third-year head coach Bill Clark and play their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama.
CMSEO is a special department within the General Armaments Department of the People's Liberation Army.
He won bronze in shot put in 1996 and finished in 6th place in javelin at the 2008 Paralympics.
The station building was opened in 1995 and contains a ticket office, shop, cafe and toilets.
The series premiered on November 23, 2008 and ended January 25, 2009.
The following lists events that happened during 1883 in New Zealand.
He represented for New South Wales and Australia, captaining the national side on eleven occasions from 1972 to 1973.
These protections extend to the Internet; however, the U.S. government has censored sites in the past and they are increasing in number to this day.
Professor Shevlin is also involved in the synthesis of a variety of carbocyclic and heterocyclic nucleoside analogs.
Karlikowo is a non-operational PKP railway station on the disused PKP rail line 230 in Karlikowo (Pomeranian Voivodeship), Poland.
Prior to her election she has worked as a lecturer at the University of Edinburgh and as a chemistry teacher.
The dam provides irrigation service area of 7058 hectares.
Whitesville was incorporated on August 15, 1935 by the Boone County Circuit Court.
The Schwidenegg (2,007 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located north of Weissenburg in the canton of Bern.
It features the first (of only two) collaborations between Stanley Turrentine and pianist Les McCann who would only reunite one more time in 1984 for two tracks on Turrentine's Straight Ahead.
The women's heptathlon event at the 1997 European Athletics U23 Championships was held in Turku, Finland, on 12 and 13 July 1997.
Released on 11 August 2010, the song serves as the first single from Cheek's sixth studio album Jare Henrik Tiihonen 2.
The album was released on August 28, 2012 via Shady Records and Interscope Records.
The special property that distinguishes a straight line as a central line is manifested via the equation of the line in trilinear coordinates.
Clark-Tillary Street was a station on the demolished BMT Fulton Street Line, located on Fulton Street (now Cadman Plaza West) at Clark Street and Tillary Street in the Borough of Brooklyn, and also gained service on what evolved into the BMT Brighton Line.
The film was made at Denham Studios by Alexander Korda's London Film Productions.
Heinkel Kabines were also assembled under license by Los Cedros S.A. from 1959 until 1962.
Phytohabitans suffuscus is a bacterium from the genus of Phytohabitans which has been isolated from roots from an orchid from Okinawa Prefecture in Japan.
Marco Pissardo (born 8 January 1998) is an Italian football player.
In other situations, the interaction does not involve any effect on the drug.
However, this wind turbine remains the only unit in the world to be directly on the site of a nuclear power plant.
Forssan Ice Hall is an indoor ice hockey sports venue in Forssa, Finland.
She later announced plans to start her own Detroit-based record label, Aretha Records.
In the center of the piazza is the bronze Equestrian statue of Ferdinando I and two Mannerist fountains with fantastical figures, all works completed by the late-Renaissance sculptor Pietro Tacca.
Currently it is an EA Indoor Permit Meeting.
Democratic nominee Robert W. Straub defeated Republican nominee Victor G. Atiyeh to win the election.
Holiday Heart is a 2000 television film directed by Robert Townsend and starring Ving Rhames, Chandra Currelley, Alfre Woodard, Jesika Reynolds, and Mykelti Williamson.
The PAONL traces its beginnings to the ministry of Pentecostal evangelist Alice Bell Garrigus from Boston, Massachusetts.
It is a consortium of 3 corporations, namely Monte Oro Grid Resources Corporation, Calaca High Power Corporation, and the State Grid Corporation of China.
The women's 10 kilometers walk event at the 1991 Summer Universiade was held at the Don Valley Stadium in Sheffield on 23 July 1991.
Tandem rotor helicopters have two large horizontal rotor assemblies mounted one in front of the other.
The main side is on Charles Street and has seven bays with store windows and entrances on the first floor, and office windows on the upper floors.
Postal assumed that the parallel structures are complete clauses below the surface.
Green, who had been re-elected easily in 1973 and 1977, placed a poor third in Inkster, receiving only 783 votes against 6283 for Don Scott of the NDP.
These are the results of the women's uneven bars competition, one of five events for female competitors of the artistic gymnastics discipline contested in the gymnastics at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore.
Retired to stud, Aragorn stands in Lane's End Farm in Kentucky.
Bogogobo is a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana.
Both songs later appeared on the Building Nothing Out of Something compilation album and were left otherwise unreleased.
It was the third edition of the Indian Wells Masters and was part of the 1978 Colgate-Palmolive Grand Prix.
Playwrite is the only desktop publishing software where its native file format is in EPUB.
In Hinduism, Budhi Pallien (pronounced BOO-dee PAL-ee-en) is a fearsome goddess of forests and jungles, who roams northern India, particularly Assam, in the form of a tiger.
Klub Malega Nogometa Sevnica (English: Sevnica Futsal Club), commonly referred to as KMN Sevnica or simply Sevnica, is a futsal club from Sevnica, Slovenia.
The set includes songs spanning Ross' career as a solo artist with the Motown and RCA labels.
The cathedral is one of three co-equal mother churches of the Diocese of Leeds and a seat of the Bishop of Leeds; until 2014 it was the mother church of the now-defunct Diocese of Bradford and as such the seat of the diocesan Bishop of Bradford.
The current Speaker is Joe Enook.
The books are produced by the Police Foundation and published by The Stationery Office.
Social Theory and Practice is an academic journal established in 1970 and covering the discussion of theoretical and applied questions in social, political, legal, economic, educational, and moral philosophy, including critical studies of classical and contemporary social philosophers.
It is widely distributed on plains and nearby mountain ranges or coastal South Australia, where it is known as the Blue Gum and extends into the western half of Victoria where it is known as the yellow gum.
It was part of the 11th Air Defense Army, and subsequently the 11th Army of Air Forces and Air Defense Forces.
Helen Wu (born 1956) is a martial artist living in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Tarakeswar Dastidar (Death: January 12, 1934) was an Indian independence activist.
The furnace remained in operation until 1880.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
Grace Wilson Melvin (1892/1896 - 1977) was a Scottish artist, teacher, and academic professional who was born in Glasgow.
Furthermore, due to industrial turf-production during and after World War II, large parts of the bog has turned into lakes.
The text is taken from Psalm 118 (6-7).
In short, The Embrace That Smothers is a collection of 10 songs (Prolog and parts I-IX), which talks about the dangers of organized religion.
It was released in the United States under the title The Secret Ways.
Hamadryas epinome, the epinome cracker, is a species of butterfly believed to have originated from Paraguay and also found in a number of other South American countries including Argentina, Brazil, Peru, and Uruguay.
CSA has implemented Non-Pesticidal Management (NPM) in 45 villages in Andhra Pradesh.
Union Township is one of seventeen townships in Butler County, Nebraska, United States.
Super Hybrid is a 2011 science fiction horror thriller film directed by Eric Valette and starring Shannon Beckner, Oded Fehr, Ryan Kennedy, and Melanie Papalia.
Jami Lanz is a 3-time 2nd Team All-American gymnast while competing for Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon.
The album's title refers to Southern Comfort, a brand of liquor.
The company sells its products under the Porta brand.
Bosatta became a nun in 1878 and assumed the religious name of "Chiara" and devoted her life to God and to the social welfare of neglected children and to the poor.
At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 23379 people living in 4385 households.
Acutotyphlops banaorum is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
The United States Virgin Islands competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.
During a stretch when the club was tagged as the "Lucky Beavers", the ballpark was also sometimes called Lucky Beavers Stadium.
The song was written by Katy Steele.
According to the Angolan government, the GURN would be established by 11 April 1997 and subsequently all parties were called upon to form the GURN on that date.
It was released on August 21, 2001 via the label, Orange Recordings.
The oval or lance-shaped leaves are 2 to 5 centimeters long.
This college is located at Chikkasandra, Hesarghatta Main Road, Bangalore in 13 acres of land, huge lung space & with good infrastructure.
It is one of the seven 'horrid novels' lampooned by Jane Austen in Northanger Abbey, once thought not to exist except in the text of Northanger Abbey.
The band has released five albums on its own Libation Records label.
It is the location of, or nearest community to, the Cecil Baker Round Barn, which was built in 1921 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
As of late 2012, Firewater has released seven studio albums and has seen some success, particularly in Europe and on United States college radio stations.
McClellan High School serves students in grades nine through twelve and is part of the Little Rock School District.
The sole member of the monotypic genus Neoseps, it is endemic to Florida in the United States.
The Library is also a World Bank Repository since February 2007, as well as a Friedrich Ebert Foundation Repository.
The above measures raised around US$101.5 million, slightly less than the US$106.5 million the Secretary-General estimated.
He is also the rabbi of the summer camp network run by Agudath Israel of America.
Bond Arms Inc. is an American firearms manufacturer located in Granbury, Texas which makes derringers.
It relates the heat generated by curing of cement to the integrity and quality of drilled shafts, augered cast in place (ACIP) piles and other concrete foundations.
It was founded by Prateek Kathpal.
The diocese was founded in 1968.
The village is named after Major Samuel Sinclear, its founder.
The two interviews are recorded and compared for discrepancies.
The northern half includes the high mountains of Snowdonia and the mixed farmland and hills of the Llyn Peninsula, which between them make up the historic county of Caernarvonshire.
He specializes in the study of race relations, multiculturalism, and affirmative action.
Andrew Paterson (29 September 1877 - 15 December 1948) was an internationally renowned and multi-award winning Scottish portrait photographer whose services were sought over several decades by many leading political and commercial figures.
Ranked #5 New York Times, #3 Wall Street Journal, #3 USA Today, #1 Amazon.
Company was formally established on July 3, 2006 as the result of a merger between CTC Communications and Choice One Communications along with their acquisition of Conversent Communications.
She was a member of the Historical Society of Nigeria and a founding member of the Women's Research and Documentation Center at the University of Ibadan.
Born in Columbia, South Carolina, McMcaster graduated from the University of South Carolina with a bachelor's in history in 1969 and graduated from the University of South Carolina School of Law in 1973.
A.S. College, Deoghar, established in 1969, is a general degree college in Deoghar, Jharkhand.
A magnifying glass can be used to focus light, such as to concentrate the sun's radiation to create a hot spot at the focus for fire starting.
Beta C-Mag, this was still too little for the necessity of the Italian Armed Forces, who basically wanted a belt-fed weapon with magazine-feeding possibility as an emergency optional.
Nearby peaks are also named after the other partners (Foley Peak and Welch Peak).
However, if say, an easy-to-dismantle car is built, will there be any effect on the ability of the vehicle to absorb energy in a crash?
Shilo is a compilation album of songs recorded by Neil Diamond, which was released on September 12, 1970 by Bang Records.
On a more personal level, she begins developing a sense of sexual identity through exploring aspects of fetishism.
The church is known for having detailed stained glass, the main show piece being the eastern detail, a donation from Thomas Briggs in memory of his parents Sir and Lady Graham Briggs, owners of the Grenade Hall Plantation which at the time included the Farley Hill Great House.
It was formed by the merger of The Grove & Rawdon Theater Company and Stampede Theater Company in January 2010.BrassNeck Theater's first production was Footloose the Musical, performed at Yeadon Town Hall in May 2010.
Born and raised in San Francisco, he currently resides there with his husband James Harker.
The championship is a best-of-seven, East vs West series played between the league champions of Major Series Lacrosse, the East, and Western Lacrosse Association, the West.
On Hamburguru, Vic Ruggiero is singing and playing as a "one man band" with guitar, harmonica, kick drum and hihat.
Willie Lewis (born 1946 - died Oct. 17, 2014) is a rockabilly recording artist and founder of The Rock-A-Billy Record Company, a record label based in Denver, Colorado.
Robin Jones Gunn is the best-selling, award-winning Christian author of over 100 books, including the Christy Miller and Sierra Jensen series for teen girls as well as the Glenbrooke series and the Sisterchicks series.
Fleksnes Fataliteter, better known by its shortened title Fleksnes, was a Norwegian television comedy series produced between 1972 and 2002, based on Galton and Simpson's scripts for the British series Hancock's Half Hour.
The Free Beer and Hot Wings Show served as the morning show during The Edge format, with the rest of the programming done locally.
Richard Henry "Rick" Lehman (born July 20, 1948) is a former member of the United States House of Representatives from California who served from 1983 to 1995; he was previously a member of the California State Assembly.
Bicyclus tanzanicus is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
The Strategic Defense Package or the Strategic Defense Acquisition, popularly referred to as the Arms Deal was a South African military procurement program.
After his victory over Ferdinand of Majorca at the Battle of Manolada, Louis of Burgundy, the new Prince of Achaea, gave the entire vacant barony to two of his Burgundian followers, Aimon of Rans and his brother, Otho.
It marked a significant shift away from the murder mysteries and spy thrillers for which Cleeve had previously been noted.
The URL was registered in July 7, 2017, and began publishing that month.
His papers have won various prizes in leading conferences over the world.
Braschi officiated in qualifying matches for the 1998 and 2002 World Cups, as well as a Euro 2000 preliminary match between Poland and Bulgaria.
Garcia's film also features interviews with latter-day Clash members Pete Howard, Nick Sheppard, and Vince White.
The magazine runs since 1968 and is originally translated from the English version.
Due to its isolation, it has a relatively low diversity of wildlife; however, a high proportion of these are endemic species occurring nowhere else in the world.
As a player, he was a forward from 1988 until 2004, notably in the Premier League for Chelsea and Everton and the Scottish Premier League for Rangers and Motherwell.
Foraker is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Relevant documents would need to be under a generally accepted "open content" license; these include Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) and Attribution Share Alike (CC-BY-SA) licenses, but not Creative Commons "non-commercial" licenses or "no-derivative" licenses.
Spyridium vexilliferum (Winged Spyridium) is a shrub in the family Rhamnaceae, endemic to South Australia, Victoria, Tasmania and New South Wales in Australia.
Dolopharoides meruanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dolopharoides.
Directed and produced by Serbian Canadian filmmaker Boris Malagurski, the film was released on September 15, 2017 in Paris, France.
Ehcache is available under an Apache open source license.
Built during the 16th century, it was damaged by fires in 1984 and 1994, and is currently awaiting restoration as part of the English Heritage Restoration Program.
Similar, if smaller, vehicles were often maintained at country houses (and by some hotels and railway companies) to convey servants and luggage to and from the railway station.
The moth is often mistaken for a bee or wasp because of its movements, and the bright orange hindleg scales.
In the 1936 and 1937 seasons, he played for the Montreal Indians, but in 1938 he left the IRFU for the ORFU and the Montreal Nationals and, in 1939, the Montreal Westmounts.
The documentary follows the life and work of Antonio Carlos Jobim, better known as Tom Jobim.
He was the former Minister of Planning and International Cooperation of Somalia, having been appointed to the position on 27 January 2015 by the then Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke..
Vicarage Road, a stadium in Watford, Hertfordshire, England, is the home of the football club Watford of the Premier League.
The food is cooked by suaras (also known as mahasuara or supakara), a sect that is given the charge since the beginning of the temple.
The season officially began February 25 although 6A conference matches did not begin until March 7.
All rail service on the line was discontinued in 1988.
The Republican Party candidate, Benjamin Harrison, won the state of Ohio with 49.51 percent of the popular vote.
He participated in three Summer Olympics, starting in 1972 in Munich.
The primary tasks of the police force include maintaining law and public security, crime prevention and investigation, passport control, road and fire safety, and international cooperation.
The document makes it clear that Raffelstetten was a place where German slave traders and their Slavic counterparts exchanged goods.
In 2017, the fashion industry voted her as Model of the Year for models.com.
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1524.
He currently runs an English school for Elementary age children, and scouts for the Chicago Cubs in the Pacific Rim.
The Kachai baptist Church founded the Thotchan Baptist School.
The federal government funds the Canada Student Loan Program (CSLP) and the provinces may fund their own programs or run in parallel with the CSLP.
Exserohilum curvatum is a species of fungus in the family Pleosporaceae.
It was described by Paul Mabille in 1880.
At present the infrastructures so inherited are being renovated and refurbished to suit Polytechnic requirement.
He held Hadzor in Worcestershire, probably given to him by William fitz Osbern; also land at Powick in the same county, at Doddenham, and at Strensham.
The Hamilton Steelers were a soccer team in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The television show Seinfeld featured many minor characters.
It acts as a complement to the area's flagship NPR station, KNAU, which airs a mix of NPR news and classical music.
The film was released on July 15, 1928, by Fox Film Corporation.
It is located in the Town of Genesee, near the town's southwestern corner.
Ultimate Recipe Showdown was a program shown on Food Network.
The forewings have a slight ochreous suffusion.
The four-day event takes place during the last full weekend of September.
Nathan Freke (born 8 September 1983) is a racing driver.
In 2005 he adapted The Alan Clark Diaries for BBC Four.
In April 2017, Natabua High School had won the Coca Cola Games in the Boys Division for the 2nd time.
The straight face test (also laugh test or giggle test) is a test of whether something is legitimate or serious based on whether a given statement or legal argument can be made sincerely, without any compulsion to laugh.
Two main event matches were held; in the first, Bob Backlund won the WWF World Heavyweight Championship from Bret Hart in a submission match after Bret's brother Owen convinced their mother to throw in a towel to end the match.
14 passengers were killed and 50 injured in the disaster.
The double carboxylic acid functions are the principal cause of the strength of this acid.
According to different sources either seven or eleven people were killed and many wounded.
It was published in February 2009, and is a stand-alone prequel telling a story occurring hundreds of years before her bestselling Black Magician Trilogy.
Hawley Pratt and Paul Julian did the layout and backgrounds, while Arthur Davis, Ken Champin, Virgil Ross and Gerry Chiniquy headed the team of animators.
Lee Benjamin Rowley (born 11 September 1980) is a Conservative Party politician and former management consultant who was elected as the MP for North East Derbyshire at the 2017 general election.
PetSmart Charities and PetSmart Charities of Canada are non-profit organizations dedicated to saving the lives of homeless pets.
Trounson has also made several ground-breaking discoveries in stem cell research.
The basic themes of research revolve around computer vision, 3D geometry, image processing and machine learning.
Acrocercops triacris is a moth of the family Gracillariidae.
Stuart (1852 - 1926) was a United States businessman who was one of the founders of the Quaker Oats Company.
The Noquet were a group of Native Americans who lived on the Upper Peninsula in Michigan.
Runaways can use the NRS message service to forward messages to parents or guardians after they have run away, if they do not wish to call them directly.
It was susbequently released on VHS by Vestron Video.
Robert L. Greene is an American psychologist known for his work on human learning and memory.
This maximum speed, also known as theoretical hull speed, can be calculated using the formula (sqrt of LWL) x 1.34.
The story was written by James J. Tynan.
There are four main river systems: In the south, the Derwent flows from the Central Highlands past Hobart, to the sea at Storm Bay; In the west, the Gordon River takes the waters of Lake Gordon and Lake Pedder and is joined by the Franklin River before flowing into Macquarie Harbor; Flowing eastwards and to the south, the Huon River has its headwaters at Scotts Peak Dam on Lake Pedder, and reaches the sea in D'Entrecasteaux Channel; and Flowing from the north-east, the South Esk, the state's longest river, joins the North Esk at Launceston to create the Tamar.
This EP was only available on the road, directly from the band.
She announced that she would not run for re-election in 2008.Spanel died on February 2, 2016 at the age of 77.
The results of this competition were used to choose the teams to the 2014 Winter Olympic Games, the 2014 World Figure Skating Championships, the 2014 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, the 2013 European Figure Skating Championships, and the 2014 Nordic Figure Skating Championships.
Shell money usually consisted either of whole sea shells or pieces of them, which were often worked into beads or were otherwise artificially shaped.
Raines Corner is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 219 and West Virginia Route 122 southwest of Union.
He made a top score of 65 runs against Andhra in 1963-64 - the highest score of the Kerala first innings.
Her television appearances include Mercy Peak and Shortland Street, but she is best known as Stacey, a cycle courier and reincarnated Norse goddess Fulla in the fantasy series The Almighty Johnsons.
The effect of the health tax, in addition to 27% VAT increases the price of products by as much as 40%, and has led to redundancies.
His debut album The R&B Sensation, produced by Grammy Award-winning producer 9th Wonder, was released in 2009.
He was a staunch supporter of Bradley University, belonging to the alumni association and Bradley Chiefs club.
Rosemont Plantation was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
Shamsunder Narula (born 2 September 1962) is a former Indian cricketer who is the current coach of the Canadian national side.
Money Money 2020 is rumored to be related to the Green Day album entitled Cigarettes and Valentines due to the album's release date and many other similarities.
Sahan Jayawardene (full name Mathsahan Liyanajayawardene; born 25 July 1990) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
It was also released as Maigret on Home Ground and Maigret and the Countess.
The primary difference between Seafile and Dropbox/Google Drive is that Seafile is a self-hosted file sharing solution for private cloud applications.
The film stars Tristram Coffin and Mae Clark, and was directed by Fred C. Brannon and written by Royal K. Cole and William Lively.
Sir Robert died unmarried and was succeeded by his brother, Toby.
Espresso Logic is the thirteenth studio album by British singer-songwriter Chris Rea, released in 1993.
It was built circa 1902.
Thavasikulam is a small town in Sri Lanka.
It produces stems up to 30 centimeters (12 inches) tall and inflorescences with two or three greenish or purplish flowers, one of which is generally perfect while the others are male.
Typically, there is also a character and fitness evaluation, which includes a background check.
The film will have its world television premier on 11 December 2016 on Star Pravah.
It was released on November 17, 2011.
The women's 10,000 meters event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 16 August.
He was the United States Attorney for Nebraska from 1906 to 1910, winning 89% of his cases, and then returned to private practice, shortly thereafter becoming a partner in the firm of Switzler, Goss & Switzler.
Travels through France and Italy is his account of this journey.
He won a plurality of the vote in the three way race, garnering 37.6% of the vote overall and 53.8% in his hometown of Dedham.
Teseq, formerly Schaffner Test Systems was the first company to recognize the threat of EMC emissions and interference and begin offering EMC instruments.
The German Embassy in Windhoek is Germany's diplomatic mission to Namibia.
Joey Ryan Gundok (born 9 May 1983) is a Malaysian professional footballer from state of Sabah.
One advantage shared by the four major alcohol fuels is their high octane rating.
Succinate-semialdehyde dehydrogenase, mitochondrial is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the ALDH5A1 gene.
The Bishop of Chekiang, exercised episcopal leadership over the Diocese of Chekiang of the Anglican Church in China.
The team was coached by Tim Stowers, in his fifth year as head coach for the Eagles.
It is estimated that between 6 - 8.8 million liters (210,000 - 310,000 cubic feet) of natural gas is being released from the damaged pipe per day.
Gonapola is a village in Sri Lanka.
It involves playing different training exercises to measure and improve particular parts of the player's brain, such as one's brain age and its brain stress degree.
Severn was launched at Bristol in 1806.
In the extreme case, if all messages were crossposted to every email list or forum, then every email list or group would look exactly the same.
It was supported by a small UK tour, it is the last studio album to be recorded by the original line-up of the band, and features the band's second biggest hit, "Make It with You".
Others, such as porn reviewers Roger Pipe and Scott McGowan, denounce McKai for what they see as his artistic pretensions, with McGowan stating "If people jack off to your art, you're not the artist you think you are".
CAV or Combat Assault Vehicle is a miniatures wargame by Reaper Miniatures.
It was named after its main town and administrative headquarters of Atherstone.
The Rombo language, or Kirombo, is a Bantu language of Tanzania spoken by the Chaga people, in the Chaga area of the Kilimanjaro region.
It was released in November 1992.
It has a population of approximately 33,700.
It is a constituent institute of Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology.
Her parents were teachers who had immigrated to Canada from India in 1967, by way of Ethiopia.
The history of journalism in India is closely linked to the history of the struggle for independence from British rule.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, temperate shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, temperate grassland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, sandy shores, arable land, pastureland, plantations, rural gardens, urban areas, heavily degraded former forest, water storage areas, ponds, irrigated land, seasonally flooded agricultural land, and canals and ditches.
It is being contested by 20 clubs in two geographic groups.
Graeme Davis (born 1958, in Isleworth, England) is a writer and editor.
His performances at domestic level saw him named in the Crusaders Wider Training Squad for the 2013 Super Rugby season.
This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United Kingdom during 2001.
Pterochitina is an extinct genus of chitinozoans.
In the U.S., the hardcover was published on July 1, 2007, and the paperback on June 24, 2008 (HarperOne).
Pesaguero is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain.
He was also the president of entertainment at Disney Channel, and chairman of Walt Disney Studios.
The design was pioneered by parachute inventor Brian Germain following a near-fatal ram-air wing collapse in 1994.
It currently produces GUMSHOE System RPGs, 13th Age, the Diana Jones award-winning Hillfolk RPG, the Dying Earth Roleplaying Game, and other related products.
It stars Joe Estevez and Marie Zielcke.
To whitewash is a metaphor meaning "to gloss over or cover up vices, crimes or scandals or to exonerate by means of a perfunctory investigation or through biased presentation of data".
It is best known for its series of releases featuring Harry Partch and Henry Brant.
Fort Lofti is a village and military base in the commune of Oum El Assel, in Tindouf Province, Algeria.
Group decision-making (also known as collaborative decision-making) is a situation faced when individuals collectively make a choice from the alternatives before them.
The school's mascot is the Timberwolf.
DXIX, under the brand 102.3 iFM Iligan, is a music FM station owned and operated by Radio Mindanao Network in the Philippines.
During his first year in the Estudiantes 1st team he helped them to win the Apertura 2006 tournament.
Is Anyone Up?, which was shut down in April 2012, shortly before an FBI investigation into the propriety of the site.
Enthroned Madonna and Child with Saints is a triptych painting in tempera and gold leaf on panel (159x198 cm) by Agnolo Gaddi.
The Last Paradises: On the Track of Rare Animals (in German Die letzen Paradiese) is the title of a German nature documentary from 1967.
It carried eight passengers and a pilot.
Cruz won a bronze medal at the 2003 Pan American Games alongside Yolanda Ortiz in the Women's 10m Platform Synchro event.
Most of the cemetery was laid out between the landing in April 1915 and the evacuation in January 1916.
The area is renowned for its red squirrel population, and for its Roman history.
The show's band were called The Inner Sanctum and featured Kevin Michael, Lead Guitar, and Gerry Michael.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and removed from the register in 2002.
Paul Ratnasamy is an Indian catalyst scientist, INSA Srinivasa Ramanujan Research Professor and a former director of National Chemical Laboratory of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR).
The Pratt Foundation is an Australian philanthropic organization based in Melbourne and established in 1978 by Jeanne and Richard Pratt.
Operated by Fisheries and Oceans Canada, the station forms a network with eight other scientific facilities.
It was held on 31 March 1979 in Jerusalem, Israel, following the country's win at the 1978 edition.
Entry was open to all.
This is the oldest stadium of Assam.
Beloit is an unincorporated community in Lee County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
He achieved his biggest victory in 2002 by winning the Brabantse Pijl.
A long list of such dramas may usually include Dhoop Kinare as one of those dramas at the top.
Kitts and Nevis voted against the United Nations moratorium on the death penalty in 2007, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2014, and 2016.
Though once a robust and rural community, San Margherita is in danger of vanishing.
He was the world youth champion in taekwondo in 2002 while representing Iran.
In 2007 Barr created the free, independent poetry zine, Side Stream, which was distributed by a network of poets from around the world until its demise in 2011.Barr has been one of the coordinators of Poetry Live since 2006.
In addition to written works, the Institute holds frequent events, including an annual conference and topical seminars, to discuss pressing issues in antitrust.
Kimmel Township is a township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The products include mobile phones, datacards, TV sets and set top boxes, administrative software, electronic instruments, satellite and mobile communication solutions as well as wireless safety surveillance solutions.
Fred D. Miller, Jr. is an emeritus professor of philosophy at Bowling Green State University, and serves as Executive Director of the University's Social Philosophy and Policy Center.
2006 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament was held from June 2 through June 26, 2006.
In 2015, Forbes listed his earnings at $60 million for the previous 12 months, and ranked him the 21st highest earning celebrity in the world.
Maurice Manoil (4 December 1896-15 September 1974) and his brother Jack (29 January 1902-1 September 1955) produced a variety of items from 1927 until they began making toys in 1934.
He finished with a total of 124 games for Waverley.
Kalotuwawa is a village in Sri Lanka.
The label was founded by Adam Henceroth and Gregory Gendron in spring of 2014.
This was the only Olympiad where pelota was an official sport, being revived at the 1924, 1968 and 1992 Games as a demonstration sport.
The maximum known age is 5 years for males and 12 years for females.
Its type strain is Kra 23 (DSM 6482).
Cherry Hill is a NJ Transit train station in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, United States, on the Atlantic City Line.
The 2018 Kerala Nipah virus outbreak was an outbreak of the Nipah virus in the state of Kerala, India, traced to fruit bats in the area.
He died in April 1708.
From 540/541 to 553: a Gothic revival under Totila, suppressed only after a long struggle by the Byzantine general Narses, who also repelled an invasion in 554 by the Franks and Alamanni.
The very first known recorded version was released in 1951, by Roy Hogsed.
The Trenton Thunder is an American Minor League Baseball team based in Trenton, New Jersey, that is the Double-A affiliate of the New York Yankees.
The family uses booby traps and man-traps, such as bear traps and spike traps, to capture or kill victims.
It borders Trans-Nzoia County, Kenya.
John Glenn "Jack" Doyle (born May 5, 1990) is an American football tight end for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL).
TV, magazines, and newspapers are all operated by both state-owned and for-profit corporations which depend on advertising, subscription, and other sales-related revenues.
She is an Emeritus Professor at the Department of Linguistics of The Ohio State University.
A HYDRAstor storage system can be composed of multiple nodes, starting from one up to 100+ nodes.
The resort is near some of the waterholes of the Etosha National Park, and has elevated viewing platforms for observing native wildlife like elephants, rhinoceros, and leopards.
Some refer to the two as "Jimeta Yola."
He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of St Ives in Cornwall from 1997 to 2015, when he was defeated by the Conservatives' Derek Thomas.
It was Ksenia Afanasyeva's first world champion in women's floor exercise.
Leather Wings is an album by Japanther.
The location has tourist attraction due its nature and close link with Polonnaruwa, an ancient capital of Sri Lanka.
A True Testimonial has not been released on DVD, although in 2011 the film-makers began a fund-raising campaign to pay for rights to the band's music.
It is the county seat of Bladen County.
EP Can We Go Wrong.
Few of the Paley sessions' recordings have seen official release since then, though many tracks circulate via bootlegs.
At the 2001 census, the community's population was 3,695, increasing to 4,046 at the 2011 Census.
The remaining member is nominated as a representative of the Anglo Indian community.
Education in Ontario comprises public and private primary and secondary schools and post-secondary institutions.
GFM also provides up-to-date Caribbean news headlines alongside local and national UK news.
After a curacy at St Margaret, Leicester he was a Chaplain to the Forces (mentioned in despatches, 1945).
Lebanon Transit is a public transportation service located in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania.
The site was used by a timber merchant for many years.
The Apoi inhabited higher ground than most of the other Ijaw tribes.
The following lists events that happened during 2007 in South Africa.
Dave Cliff (born 25 June 1944) is a British jazz guitarist.
Joscelin died soon after the preliminaries of the peace had been agreed on, worn out by his exertions, or killed by a pestilence which raged in the city.
This veneer is sometimes referred to as celluloid and is found on clocks in a wide variety of colors that simulate marble or alabaster.
It is officially located at Garrett Road and Walnut Street, but Bywood Avenue is also included.
As a result, this species was assigned the label of A2 quarantine pest by the EPPO and was cautioned as a highly invasive species in the United States.
Timothy Kitum (born 20 November 1994) is a Kenyan middle distance runner.
The Zechariah seal is an emblem used by a number of families of Jewish heritage.
Dan Shaw (born c. 1934) is a retired Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts.
The viewer supported the Virtual Reality Modeling Language (VRML 2.0) a standard for creating and experiencing virtual reality worlds on the Internet.
Chittilappilly is a recipient of the Rashtriya Samman award from the Government of India for being among the highest taxpayers and the Newsmaker of the Year 2011 award from Malayala Manorama.
The board shape depends largely upon its desired function.
Like the Beatles, the cover depicts the four bandmembers walking across a zebra crossing in single file, the twist being that they are all naked except for white tube socks covering their genitals.
They have, among other acts, played on many Swedish music festivals including Peace & Love.
Kline was sentenced to 20 months in jail and a $10,000 fine.
Engineered Australia Plan Party (EAPP) was a minor Australian political party that contested the 1983 federal election, without success.
The Xoulces is a small but abundant river in France which flows in Lorraine in the Vosges department.
The film makes mention of Sun Ra, whose work centers on the return of blacks to outer space in his own Mothership.
The game in which the Hardy Trophy is awarded to the winner is often referred to as the Hardy Cup.
Although they likely migrated to Australia through Southeast Asia they are not demonstrably related to any known Asian or Polynesian population.
Dogs is a British television serial, written by Cris Cole.
The album was released on 3 September 2001 through label Niels William.
Nuritamburia semicineriana is a moth of the family Tortricidae.
The palace is owned by the city and now houses the Conservatorio di Musica Benedetto Marcello di Venezia, founded in 1876.
The traditional format would be used for all future Primetime Emmy Awards ceremonies.
This is the discography page to R&B/Soul singer Chrisette Michele.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 32,923.
She won the Pomeranian Artistic Award (Pomorska Nagroda Artystyczna) in 2000.
Jaw No. 161 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the southern part of the province west of Regina in SARM Division No. 2.
Ric Schafer (born 1951) is a retired American ice hockey player and head coach best remembered for his time with the men's program at Notre Dame.
In 1895, he led the Salem/Haverhill team in the New England Association as well as the Portland team in the New England League (which he managed until 1896).
In Louisiana, it is also colloquially known as the papabotte.
He also played on The Early Years, Fire and Brimstone, Tattoos and Scally Caps and Dropkick Murphys/Ducky Boys Split 7 inch'and also the singles collection volume one.
George David Eric Hirst (born 15 February 1999) is a football player who plays as a forward for Belgian First Division B club OH Leuven and England U20's.
The festival includes a steak cook-off, wine tasting and live music.
In addition, she performs solo and released her solo debut Postcards From in June 2016 through Bella Union.
It was performed at the Empire Theater, London, opening on 3 January 1914.
Volunteers and donors, with the assistance of the Minnesota Historical Society repaired plaster and masonry and replaced the seats.
Scott Wilpon is the COO of the New York Mets baseball team, the executive vice-president of Sterling Equities, and the owner of Overwatch League Esports team the New York Excelsior.
In some jurisdictions, the term "malicious prosecution" denotes the wrongful initiation of criminal proceedings, while the term "malicious use of process" denotes the wrongful initiation of civil proceedings.
After high school he continued into television, working as a live booth announcer.
Darryl Ervin Rouson (born July 20, 1954) is a Democratic member of the Florida Senate who has represented the 19th district, which includes parts of Pinellas and Hillsborough Counties from downtown St. Petersburg to downtown Tampa, since 2016.
Willis founded and ran Grinnell Willis & Company.
Her main positions are GS (goal shoot) and GA (goal attack).
Bronwen Thomas (born 17 March 1969) is a Canadian freestyle skier.
Glenn Dee Hubbard (born September 25, 1957) is a former first base coach for the Atlanta Braves and second baseman in Major League Baseball (MLB) who played from 1978 to 1989.
She worked as an on-air reporter and anchor for television stations in Boston, Tampa and Philadelphia.
He was chairman of Newmont Mining Corporation which was a firm involved with exploring, acquiring, and managing gold metals.
The leads are also on average shorter than with a perimeter-only type, leading to better performance at high speeds.
A very narrow range, the Santa Ynez Mountains rise quickly on its north side and drops off equally dramatically along the range's south face.
However, it is an endangered plant species in Canada and is rare throughout its Canadian range so that it is protected by law in Ontario.
After a year studying film at the FEMIS in Paris, he specialized in script-writing and in 1996 obtained his degree.
He recorded his first album on the 4-Track recorder whilst living at the East Riding of Yorkshire seaside town of Withernsea.
All are within 90 square kilometers in one Utah county.
It is located on U.S. Route 1, thirty miles south of Augusta.
From 1920 to 1938 he was Secretary of the Institute of Mechanical Engineers.
Limnodynastes dumerilii is a frog species from the family Myobatrachidae.
The series was created by David Greenwalt, Jim Kouf and Stephen Carpenter, and produced by NBC, GK Productions, Hazy Mills Productions, and Universal Television.
Pandit Sudhir (born 17 February 1974) is an Indian sitar player of Hindustani classical music.
The Academy was closd on May 31, 2011 due to lack of state funding.
Vattacharja Chandan (also known as Chandan Kumar Bhattacharya), is a bilingual (Bengali and English) writer, poet, composer and mail artist.
Sean Richard Dulake (born June 9, 1984) is an American actor and director.
Male E. meriana are territorial and have a particular perch on a tree trunk where it displays to attract a female.
The content is posted on a variety of sites, including YouTube and the company's own sites such as eHow and LIVESTRONG.COM.
Signs and symptoms generally consist of redness, irritation or burning of the eyes.
A well known steady-state drainage equation is the Hooghoudt drain spacing equation.
Kensington is a city in Douglas County, Minnesota, United States.
Research has also been carried out on the use of data reduction in wearable (wireless) devices for health monitoring and diagnosis applications.
It was inherited by his son James Hillsman in the 1890s, and the property was turned into an alfalfa farm.
Moxee is a city in Yakima County, Washington, United States.
She was appointed to that position by H.E the President of Uganda in February 2014.
His elder brother, Michael Duff played for Premier League side Burnley.
Under this designation, the Daily Report is responsible for publishing all legally required notices for the county such as mortgage foreclosures, name changes and judicial tax sales.
At least one of his stereo negatives is credited on an Anthony paper stereo view.
While there are slight variations between versions of the legend, most of the main elements remain common throughout.
It was designed as a pistol for security and law enforcement personnel rather than the military market.
Ultra Premium Oilfield Services and V&M Star Steel operate steel production facilities in the state, which cater to energy exploration.
It is one of the oldest trains connecting the eastern and western states of the country.
He claims the military wanted him to stop his plans to launch his Balochi channel, and that General Pervez Musharraf personally approached him while in detention.
Tuskys is a Kenyan supermarket chain.
A referendum on whether Norway should join the European Community was held on 25 September 1972.
Although some of the station's over-wintering staff avoided meeting the women after so many months, some 50 others took part in celebrations which included a beard contest and a US versus New Zealand sled race.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in King George County, Virginia.
Ing was born in Toronto, Ontario of mixed ancestry, his father was Chinese.
One of the club's greatest wins came in 1984 when Mayo Gaels won the Mayo Intermediate Football Championship.
The magazine featured the best in fantasy, speculative fiction and roleplaying, offering articles on roleplaying games and interviews with Ed Greenwood, RA Salvatore, Wes Craven, Terry Brooks, John Carpenter, Garth Ennis, William Gibson, Frederick Pohl, Dave Duncan, Dennis Muren and Richard Garfield, etc.
Backcoating is the lamination of two sheets of paper back to back to create a superior paper for folding origami models.
Ginen is a specific Haitian name for the ancestral home of enslaved Africans by European colonists or European barbarians.
It was opened in 1997 and stands at 50 meters in height with 12 stories.
It has also started a higher secondary school Garia Academy ([1]) in Atharobla (affiliated to CBSE board).
Then, Bryant joined 104.1 KRBE in Houston, TX as Night Host and Music Director from 1990-1996.
Jones Has a Card Party is a 1909 American silent short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith.
Zakhm is a 1989 film starring Chunky Pandey and Neelam in lead roles.
They currently field two senior Men's, a Juniors teams and a Women's team in the Gridiron Victoria league.
Pagodula golikovi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
In addition, many library professionals were dissatisfied with a perceived bias within the plan in favor of materials originating in Western European countries.
He started playing for them in 1949 and became noted for "wild antics" on stage.
The Ministry of Tourism of Ghana is the government ministry responsible for the development and promotion of tourism-related activities in the country.
With the Soviet Union came electricity, water, irrigation, industrialization and literacy to Kyrgyzstan, and the other Soviet Central Asian countries.
The organization has grown into the largest employer on the Olympic Peninsula with over 900 employees.
Their corporate offices are located in Tigard, OR, and they employ over 120 employees.
It is part of the Sydney Trains network.
However, in late 1993, just as the wedding scenes were about to be recorded, Duprey suffered a breakdown and was sent home on leave.
He played with the group San Lorenzo and now records under his own name.
The Royal Navy took the privateer into service as HMS Duc de Chartres.
At the 2010 census the population was 114, down from 130 in 2000.
The pogrom of Armenians in Baku was one of the acts of ethnic violence in the context of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, directed against the demands of the Nagorno-Karabakh Armenians to secede from Azerbaijan and unify with Armenia.
When she brought it, they asked to serve them while being naked, she realized by her power that she is under a test.
The unlikely pairing became popular in spite of Luke's past misdeed when the story shifted to focus on love and redemption.
He worked in Manhattan as a recording engineer for Regent Sound with many Atlantic recording artists including Eric Clapton, Mose Allison, Roberta Flack.
The Formosan golden tube-nosed bat, Harpiola isodon, is native to the high-altitude regions of Taiwan.
"Alex" Hoffman (born November 10, 1987) is a beauty queen and athlete from Eureka, South Dakota, who competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant and placed in the Top 15 at Miss America 2009.
She was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards for her work on the latter series, as a part of the producing and writing team.
The initial commencement operated to establish and empower the Taxi Services Commission and to give legislative force to the Taxi Industry Inquiry being conducted by the Commission.
The film was shot in the Lehigh Valley in Pennsylvania in the cities of Bethlehem, Allentown, Easton, as well as nearby Hellertown.
Beat Freaks is an all-female breaking dance crew from Los Angeles, California.
The Pacific Islands Forum states that have not ratified the treaty and joined PASO are Australia, Fiji, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and New Zealand.
Alessandro Fratangelo (born 7 May 1998) is an Italian football player.
It is located in Amraudha development block of Bhognipur tehsil.
It was released on the Swedish label, Deeplay Music, in April 2005.
The 2017 Dumfries and Galloway Council election took place on 4 May 2017 to elect members of Dumfries and Galloway Council.
The 4T80 originally used a viscous clutch, but this was changed in 2005.
Ponte de Varziela is a bridge in Portugal.
Its see is in Northampton.
Henry McDame discovered gold in this creek back in 1884.
Most of the contributing buildings are residential, with some commercial buildings and nine churches.
The regular season began on 14 February and ended on 21 June.
PhysicsOverflow is a physics website that serves as a post-publication open peer review platform for research papers in physics, as well as a collaborative blog and online community of physicists.
The members remain active in the groups Woven Hand and Lilium.
Edmund's Church, Wootton is a parish church in the Church of England located in Wootton, Isle of Wight.
The most awards of the night were won by Avatar, winning all ten of its nominations.
From 1999 to 2008, he drove the No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing car, under crew chief Greg Zipadelli with The Home Depot as the primary sponsor.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,416 and had 668 houses in the town.
It was also that program's last summer replacement series.
The seismic-gravimetric observatory (SGO) that has been opened in 2002.
Sophronica aureovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The original organization dates back to 1823 and functioned as a relaxing place outside the city's Stadsbuitengracht.
He played hurling with his local club South Liberties and with the Limerick senior inter-county team from 1971 until 1985.
Bailey Rae was married to fellow musician Jason Rae from 2001 until his death in 2008, and as part of the grieving process, she channeled her emotions into her music.
Fingers is the third studio album by guitarist Lee Ritenour, released in 1977 by Epic Records.
It is the first university owned by a Catholic Diocese in Africa.
Created by Kalypso Media which founded Gaming Minds Studios in 2009 after Ascaron Entertainment went bankrupt, it combines a business simulator with real-time battles and towns that can be owned, built, developed or razed.
He has also been a member of the Houston Texans, the New England Patriots, and the Buffalo Bills.
A total of sixteen countries participated in the tournament out of which 13 are European except China, Singapore and Uruguay.
A fourth series was announced on the 1 January 2017 which will start to air in July 2017.
Today the number of fluent Neo-Aramaic speakers is significantly smaller, and newer generations of Assyrians generally are not acquiring the full language, especially as many have emigrated and acculturated into their new resident countries.
This certification is provided by numerous organizations.
It is also the first U.D.O. album without the former Accept drummer Stefan Kaufmann as guitarist since Solid in 1997, as well as the first without Igor Gianola since Holy in 1998.
The cards are from that year named either NSB-kort for cards produced by NSB or Ruter Reisekortet (Ruter travel card) for cards produced by Ruter.
Phrynocephalus persicus, commonly known as the Persian toad-headed agama, is a small diurnal desert lizard of the family Agamidae.
Promotion League is the third tier of the Swiss football league system, below the Swiss Challenge League and above the 1.
Etiennette is a member of The Dolphins of Quatre Bornes, a local swimming club in Mauritius.
Repp was part of the now inactive quartet Tu Fawning from 2007 to 2012 .
They include Archer Glen Elementary School, Hopkins Elementary School, Middleton Elementary School, Edy Ridge Elementary School, Sherwood Middle School, Laurel Ridge Middle School, and Sherwood High School.
The Byzantine economy was among the most robust economies in the Mediterranean for many centuries.
It is also a symbol of institutional racism which is built upon taxpayers of various ethnics including those who are rejected by the institution outright.
Hydrophis stricticollis, commonly called the collared sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.
Ecologically, it feeds through use of ectomycorrhiza.
Soode is a small river in Hesse, Germany.
Dear Miss Lonelyhearts and was released digitally on September 17, 2013 by Downtown Records.
Claybank is best known for its National Historic Site of Canada, the Claybank Brick Plant, which closed in 1989 but remains one of the finest examples of 20th Century industry.
The Commissioner is appointed by the governor and is a member of the governor's Cabinet, which meets at least once per month, or more often to the governor's liking.
The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 17, 1972.
He competes in motocross and desert races, winning World Vet Championships several times.
Mutare West includes Marange.
The Leiden meeting was designed to help to redress this confusion.
He was appointed dictator again in 348 BC to oversee elections.
Even though intimacy has been broadly defined in terms of romantic love and sexual desire, the neuroanatomy of intimacy needs further explanation in order to fully understand their neurological functions in different components within intimate relationships, which are romantic love, lust, attachment, and rejection in love.
Aruna Sen v. Government of Bangladesh (1975) 27 DLR (HCD) 122 is a case of the High Court Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh.
Meteorological Applications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of meteorology published four times per year since 1994.
After declining from 1996 to 2008, the number of patriot groups has increased dramatically following the election of Barack Obama to the presidency.
In 1986 he was Davenport Visiting Professor at Yale University.
Lee Center Township is located in Lee County, Illinois.
This is the third part of the Dragonland Chronicles saga.
Banda Black Rio is a Brazilian musical group from Rio de Janeiro that was formed in 1976.
He is a major contributor to work on nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide metabolism, who discovered the eukaryotic nicotinamide riboside kinase pathway.
Mycobacterium tokaiense is a species of Mycobacterium.
This galaxy was examined by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2001.
Forest Ridge Academy (elementary school) is in the area, as well as the Dept. of Highways building.
Ellery has also been commissioned by EMTAS (Ethnic Minority and Traveler Achievement Service) to produce several educational films, including programs to introduce and support the award winning Young Interpreters Scheme and New Arrivals Ambassadors, for schools across the UK [2015].
It has been noted to inhibit pancreatic cancer growth by blockading an EGFR-related pathway.
Androlyperus is a genus of skeletonizing leaf beetles and flea beetles in the family Chrysomelidae.
The Belmont Tramway was a short-lived railway in the south-eastern suburbs of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.
Healy taught in the creative writing program at New York University from 2010-2013 and was a visiting professor at the New School from 2010-2014.
Khan played 25 Twenty20 International (T20I) matches between 2006 and 2010, and never scored a century in the format.
KIIC has direct access road to connect Jakarta-Cikampek Toll Road at KM 54 Karawang Timur Toll Gate.
Port Rickaby is a town on the Spencer Gulf coast of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia.
Therefore, it needs to be encapsulated by whatever transport it uses.
A team from Atlantic University Sport (AUS) could qualify in the second year of operation.
Suzie Pierrepont (born 3 January 1985 in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England), is a professional squash player who represented England as a junior.
Although several of the characters are fictional, the bulk of the personages are historical.
Charmes is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Main characteristics of the BREST reactor are passive safety and a closed fuel cycle.
The University College offers programs in Arts, Social Science, Childhood and Social Institutions, Management and Organizational Studies, Social Justice and Peace Studies, Social Work, and Theology through its affiliation with St. Peter's Seminary.
In contrast with other types of High Speed Machining toolpaths, VoluMill toolpaths are typically run at axial depths of cut up to the full flute length of the Milling cutter.
This snail was first described in 1977.
It is a species of zither.
The Final Epitaph Live is the recording of Play Dead's final performance in Stevenage, England on December 22, 1985.
Paul Andrew Ormerod (born 20 March 1950) is a British economist who is a partner at Volterra Partners consultancy.
The district encompasses 41 residential structures, over half of which date from the 1830s through 1850s and are distinct examples of Greek Revival architecture.
The incumbent archbishop is Kieran O'Reilly.
He started his music career, in 1996, with Colorado Mass Choir.
Love Will Have the Final Word is the fourth studio album from Christian singer and songwriter Jason Gray.
He was the 3rd WR drafted and taken by the Eagles in the second round of the 1990 NFL Draft.
Wray was a founding member of the North Carolina Legislative Sportsmen's Caucus in 2011 and serves as the group's Democratic Co-Chair in the House.
Additionally, several community projects have arisen to build spiritual successors to the series, of which the open source game Endless Sky is one of the better-known.
Acts passed predating the enactment of the Constitution in 2008 were passed under different procedures, some originating as promulgations by the King as indicated in their preamble.
Masters athletics is a class of the sport of athletics for veteran athletes in the events of track and field, road running and cross country running.
Lebanon bologna has a distinct tangy flavor, more so than other fermented meat products such as summer sausage.
This is a list of membranophones used in the Caribbean music area, including the islands of the Caribbean Sea, as well as the musics of Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana, Belize, Garifuna music, and Bermuda.
It was written and produced by Andrew J. Fenady and directed by Bernard L. Kowalski.
The Botryosphaeriaceae are a family of sac fungi.
The viewver has the option to watch movies with a Polish voice over or with original soundtrack and Polish subtitles.
The first season premiered September 5, 2013 and the second season premiered January 7, 2015.
Mohamad Aliff Bin Aziz (born 16 February 1991), better known by his stage name Aliff Aziz, is a Singaporean singer, currently based in Malaysia.
The head of school is Shannon Brunink, who followed David Angerer and the original head of school, "Jake" Jacobusse.
The defending champions were Israel for men and United States for women.
Bhada is a village in Jafrabad Taluka of Amreli district, Gujarat, India.
The main theater portion of the building is wrapped in red sandstone, which depicts the walls of nearby Palo Duro Canyon.
Blosxom is a free-software weblog program (and simple content management system) written in Perl by Rael Dornfest.
The album was remastered and rereleased in 2006 with bonus tracks by Sanctuary Records Group.
He succeeded his uncle Vikramabahu II, whom he usurped as king of Polonnaruwa and ruled for nine months before he was deposed and deprived of his eyes by the General Senevirat who installed Lilavati, wife of Parakramabahu I. Chodaganga was also a nephew of Nissanka Malla.
Simba Wanyika regained its popularity in the mid 1980s, releasing many hits and touring Europe in 1989.
These units were small enough to be inside the alternator case, unlike the selenium units that preceded silicon devices.
The school was founded after three Hebrew charity organizations formed a committee to promote technical education for the many Jewish immigrants arriving in New York at the time.
During the time of recording this song Bowie began to wear a silver crucifix, which he continued to wear.
Calwell is a medium-sized suburb of Canberra, Australia in the district of Tuggeranong.
Balaleya is a village in Dryanovo Municipality, in Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.
In this episode the narrator confesses to have "blown up the penis" of a 7-year-old boy with a match.
The East Longs Peak Trail was laid out in 1878 by Reverend Elkanah Lamb, long before the designation of the region as parkland.
Finishing 2nd in series points, Green and AER moved up to the Winston Cup Series in 1997, where after a difficult season Green finished 37th in points.
This debugger supports not only the command line version but also the web server implementation allowing full interactive debugging of CGI applications in BASIC.
Since 1974, GMA's focus was in manufacturing textile products and, in 2010, GMA expanded their textile offerings beyond defense to include commercial and disaster relief products.
By making the CEFR more accessible, English Profile will provide support for the development of curricula and teaching materials, and in assessing students' language proficiency.
This event was launched in 1983, based on the popularity of the African Adventure rallies such as the Paris Dakar and the Pharaons Rally.
Witmer's Tavern, also known as the Conestoga Inn Tavern, is a historic inn and tavern located at East Lampeter Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, just east of U.S. 30 on Old Philadelphia Pike.
The venue, which was designed by architect Friedrich Wilhelm Kraemer, opened in 1963.
The following is a summary of Down GAA's 2017 Gaelic football season.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MAP3K6 gene.
The Mountain & Plains Education and Research Center is a collaboration between the University of Colorado Denver (Anschutz Medical Campus), Colorado State University, National Jewish Health, the University of New Mexico and Denver Health.
Club president Peter Bavasi would resign before the regular season began.
TVBS Entertainment Channel (formerly TVBS-G) is a satellite television channel in the Taiwan, launched on 12 September 1994.
There are many small businesses.
The electron-refractive effect or Electron Induced Permittivity Modification (EIPM) is an electro-optic effect observed in some crystals and amorphous materials, such as chalcogenide glasses and oxides, where the permittivity reduces or increases when the material is illuminated by high energy electrons, typically from an transmission electron microscope or scanning electron microscope.
Marianne Smit (born 1984) is a Dutch harpist.
These temples were constructed in 12th century during the reign of Hoysala Empire along with Kedareshwara temple and Hoysaleswara Temple are now proposed as UNESCO World Heritage Site.
It was developed by the SPEC XPC group in 1993.
After his major league career, Manuel played one game for the Seibu Lions in Japan in 1999.
Burkenroad's classification replaced the earlier sub-orders of Natantia and Reptantia with the monophyletic groups Dendrobranchiata (prawns) and Pleocyemata.
There are bus connections to MiWay Routes 24 and 107.
However, the university does maintain an informal relationship with the independent community radio station CFCR-FM, which actively solicits volunteers among the university's student body.
Francis of Assisi Catholic School is a private school located in the hills of Yorba Linda, California.
1975 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final was a hurling match that was played at Croke Park, Dublin on 7 September 1975 to determine the winners of the 1975 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, the 89th season of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, a tournament organized by the Gaelic Athletic Association for the champion teams of the three hurling provinces of Ireland.
It has a few small industries, but is primarily a residential suburb known for its fruit orchards, nature trails, and neighborly attitude.
"Walk on By" crossed over to the pop chart peaking at number five, and was named by Billboard magazine as the biggest country music record in history.
The most important change from the models it replaced was the introduction of all-steel construction, replacing the composite wood and steel framework of the Elite and Panorama.
The Reds won the National League pennant, then went on to win the 1919 World Series.
As a young man, Morse studied under Alexander Parris, before going off to study in Europe.
Nizhalgal (English: 'Shadows') is a 1980 Indian Tamil film co-written and directed by Bharathiraja.
In 2009, it contributed S$14.2 billion (5.4%) in direct and in-direct value-add to the Singaporean GDP.
He is the principal director of Buddy Collette's JazzAmerica, a non-profit organization now run by bassist Richard Simon, that provides free jazz education to young players.
Famennian is the latter of two faunal stages in the Late Devonian epoch.
The story was based on Malladi Venkata Krishna Murthy's novel of same name.
In 1495 he occupied Bolsward and the town of Workum had to pay money to stay safe.
The population was 5,736 at the 2000 census.
Nest-building, incubation, and care of the young are shared by both sexes.
The Snijders-Oomen nonverbal intelligence tests, shortly the SON-tests, are intelligence tests appropriate for children and adults from two and a half to forty years old.
Currently, Sales speaks as a PR Expert at academic institutions, such as the University of California, Los Angeles and the University of Southern California, among others.
He is the son of Henry Morgan.
The cover and title was revealed April 5, 2010 by Entertainment Weekly.
He is a former member of the Kerry senior county team and plays his club football for Dr Crokes.
Some of the recordings featured his congregation's choir, The Bostonians.
Most Steely Dan compilations CDs since then feature this version of "FM", however, Gold (Expanded Edition) is the only place to find this version on vinyl, as it was the last Steely Dan compilation released on the format.
It contains a 16th-century side chapel with a vault beneath, used as a burial chamber.
UMTS smartphone produced by Danger Incorporated (since 2008, a subsidiary of Microsoft) from 2002 to 2010.
The album consists of European folk songs with arrangements by Benjamin Britten and accompanying piano by Geoffrey Parsons.
He was born on August 10, 1825 in Springport, New York.
Tunbridge ware is a form of decoratively inlaid woodwork, typically in the form of boxes, that is characteristic of Tonbridge and the spa town of Tunbridge Wells in Kent in the 18th and 19th centuries.
After Nemon had gained his reputation in Brussels, he was approached by Freud's assistant Paul Federn in 1931 to sculpt Freud for his 75th birthday.
Warfare in pre-colonial Philippines refers to the military history of the Philippines prior to Spanish colonization.
It contrasts with secular clergy.
She is a professor at the University of British Columbia.
The New York Times states that the poor economy of the late 2010 recessionary period has led to the return of the Burger Wars.
She also did impressions of Roseanne Barr and Ross Perot in many episodes.
ASPIRA Association is a nonprofit organization whose mission is "To empower the Latino community through advocacy and the education and leadership development of its youth".
There are 186 days remaining until the end of the year.
It is based on the movie trilogy The Evil Dead.
As such, some techniques used in knitting are also applicable in Tunisian crochet.
The mission of the orchestra is "to provide an outlet for the interests and talents of serious musicians of all ages, while enriching the cultural life of suburban Philadelphia."
Fewer than 500 firms can boast corporate Chartered Financial Planners status.
HMS Wolverine (or Wolverene) was a Royal Navy 18-gun Cruizer-class brig-sloop, launched in 1805 at Topsham, near Exeter.
The project was produced in 2011 as part of the first funded web series by the Independent Production Fund.
His was released as a single in 1971 reaching number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 4 on the UK Singles Chart.
Watchmoor consists of Watchmoor Park business park, Watchmoor Point industrial estate, the Sainsbury's Watchmoor Park Superstore and the Watchmoor Reserve nature area.
As being situated near highway it has importance as it has a main road which connects highway with Ladakh that passes through Hamray.
She set several NCAA rebounding records, including: (1) 15.5 rebounds per game from 1983-1986 (still the NCAA record), (2) 1,887 career rebounds (broken by Courtney Paris in 2009), and (3) 534 rebounds in 1985 (broken by Courtney Paris in 2009).
The last MLA was Kerri Irvin-Ross of the NDP, who was re-elected in the 2007 provincial election with 53% of the vote.
In 1940, Georgia Governor Ed Rivers commissioned him to form the first flying unit of the Georgia Air National Guard.
The winner will represent India at Miss Earth 2016.
Bass's Planetoid is a 1958 children's science fiction novel by Canadian author Eleanor Cameron.
The protocol was obtained through automatic Reverse Engineering technique developed by the Berkeley researchers.
It had previously been only available through bootlegs.
He was the head of the Federal Department of Finance (the Swiss finance minister) from 2004 to 2010 and President of the Swiss Confederation for 2009.
It was followed by a 2013 sequel titled ThanksKilling 3, the $112,248 budget of which was raised on through Kickstarter campaign.
To grow on alkanes, this bacterim expresses a soluble di-iron monooxygenase closely related to soluble methane monooxygenase from methanotrophs.
The Only Game in Town: Central Banks, Instability, and Avoiding the Next Collapse is a 2016 economics book authored by Mohamed A. El-Erian.
The organization now focuses on education forums, voter guides and other grassroots activities centered on Catholic communities such as parishes and clubs like the Knights of Columbus.
According to Professor Mark Hickman, the chair of Transport at the University of Queensland's School of Civil Engineering, toll roads in Australia have not reached expected traffic volumes and do not always relieve congestion in the short-term.
It is unique among New World salticids in having strikingly large posterior median eyes.
Richard Moya (August 14, 1932 - February 16, 2017) was the first Mexican-American elected to public office in Travis County, Texas, becoming County Commissioner in 1970.
S. S. Palanimanickam (born 15 August 1950) is an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu.
Local doctors aided the sick, some area women provided nursing care, and Indianapolis City Hospital tended to wounded soldiers.
After acquiring the company Aloe Vera of America by the 1990s, In 2010, the company reported having over 4,000 employees, a network of 9.3 million distributors, and revenue of $1.7 billion.
The structure was purchased by two local real estate development companies in 2008 and converted to a hotel.
This was the band's first album to not feature involvement from drummer Longineu W. Parsons III, who left the band in March 2014.
The aim is to purify the personality of the Buddhist practitioner so that all moral and character defilements and defects (kleshas such as anger, ignorance and lust) are wiped away and Nirvana can be obtained.
A grow house is a property, usually located in a suburban residential neighborhood, that is primarily used for the production of marijuana, it may be used for the production of other plants such as Psilocybin mushrooms.
The Argus Museum, located on the second floor of 525 West William, Ann Arbor, Michigan, features products manufactured by the Argus camera company and tells the stories of the company, the people involved and showcases unique collections connected to Argus.
The paintings are arranged in rows on a rear wall, and is one of the first that David Teniers the Younger prepared to document the Archduke's collection before he employed 12 engravers to publish his Theatrum Pictorium, considered the "first illustrated art catalog".
He was educated at Campion School, Hornchurch, Cardiff University where he studied Sports Science and completed a Master's degree in Business and Sports Science, and the Open University (advanced diploma in Economics).
In 1972, as part of the effort of harmonizing spelling differences between the two countries, Indonesia and Malaysia each adopted a spelling reform plan, called the Perfected Spelling System (Ejaan yang Disempurnakan) in Indonesia and the New Rumi Spelling (Ejaan Rumi Baharu) in Malaysia.
It was first published in 1982 and is now the most used drug reference by doctors, pharmacists and students in the Netherlands.
Indonesian street food often tastes rather strong and spicy.
At Flinders you can enjoy living in a prestige suburb surrounded by nature yet still being close to Shellharbour City CBD, including Stockland Shellharbour, boutique shopping, schools, cafes, restaurants, transport and medical facilities.
Triple Threat is the fourth album by saxophonist Jimmy Heath featuring performances recorded in 1962 originally released on the Riverside label.
Platylytron amplipenne is a species of beetles in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Platylytron.
Pellorneum is a genus of passerine birds in the family Pellorneidae.
She relied on charity towards the end of her life and was the reason for the founding of the Drury Lane Theatrical Fund.
Normanton is a village and civil parish on the eastern shore of Rutland Water in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England.
Elections for the Assembly of Experts are held every eight years.
The Carleton Lady Ravens women's ice hockey program represents Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
She is a two-time winner of the ICTCM Award, in 1998 for her internet-based course "Information, Data and Decisions" and in 2000 for "Computer Texts for Business Mathematics".
Kevin Paul Jackson (born 2 October 1947), credited as Paul Jackson; sometimes as K. Paul Jackson, is a British television director, producer and executive.
It was later popularized in 1963 by the American duo Dale and Grace, who took the song to number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Pereira (born 1951 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian-Dutch pop singer.
A Dadchelor Party, otherwise referred to as a Man Shower, is the new emerging trend for fathers in the 21st century.
A limited set of styles digitized by URW++ are available with GhostPDL (part of the Ghostscript project) under the Aladdin Free Public License.
The Day Emily Married is a play by Horton Foote.
Bruce Brown Jr. (born August 15, 1996) is an American professional basketball player for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Peter Ignaz Paul Kalmus OBE FInstP (born 25 January 1933), is a British particle physicist, and emeritus professor of physics at Queen Mary, University of London.
The building is currently owned and operated by the American-Amicable Life Insurance Company of Texas (a subsidiary of Industrial Alliance).
In February 1999 the Midvale factory suffered $1.5 million worth of damage following an extensive fire started accidentally by two teenage employees.
Caladenia macroclavia, commonly known as the large-club spider orchid, or brown bayonets, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to South Australia.
Otherwise, Mondesa is surrounded by the Namib Desert, with the Democratic Resettlement Community (DRC) spreading out about one kilometer apart in the northeast, officially acclaimed in 2003 by the city administration slum district of Swakopmund.
Familiar examples of invertebrates include insects; crabs, lobsters and their kin; snails, clams, octopuses and their kin; starfish, sea-urchins and their kin; jellyfish, and worms.
The issue was whether the reformation of the contract was enforceable.
Released on May 18, 2004, it was recorded during the band's reunion tour in 2003.
Herpetogramma junctalis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
The flag is a rectangular tricolor with three equal horizontal bands of red, blue and white.
A key element of the new plans were a variety of limited strikes solely against enemy military targets while ensuring the survivability of the U.S. second-strike capability, which was intended to leave an opening for a negotiated settlement.
Bell represented Canada at the 2006 World Youth Championship in Rio de Janeiro.
It contains limestone cliffs, and remnant vegetation adjacent to the river's edge.
Its leadership included Joseph Maung Gyi, U Khin and U May Oung.
Oregon State was a member of the North Division of the Pac-12 Conference.
Founded and promoted by retired wrestler Eddie Sharkey, a longtime veteran of the American Wrestling Association and owner of the Pro Wrestling America Training Center, Pro Wrestling America featured many established wrestlers while in between the then "Big Three" (American Wrestling Association, National Wrestling Alliance and the World Wrestling Federation) as well as providing many lightheavyweight and cruiserweight wrestlers with their first national exposure, most notably, Sabu, Jerry Lynn and The Lightning Kid.
Hermann was drafted by the New York Giants in the 10th round (117th overall) of the 1956 NFL Draft.
It has been syndicated since 1990, currently by Universal Uclick.
Membership in the fraternity is open to honorable men studying at one of Berlin's universities and is based exclusively on personality, good moral standing, and strength of character.
This was the third Big East baseball tournament, and was won by the Seton Hall Pirates.
The building has elements of Jacobean Revival style including steep triangular gables, rectangular windows divided by stone mullions, bay windows, and towers with curved roofs.
His canvases evoke a heavy atmosphere, pulling subject matter from modern civilization through the lens of his signature monochrome color blue.
Partula rosea is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.
By May 29, the team had hit over .225 for the season, garnering 27 home runs, 17 triples, 26 doubles, 107 singles, and a total of 138 hits for 326 bases with 54 stolen bases.
Consonant harmony is a type of "long-distance" phonological assimilation akin to the similar assimilatory process involving vowels, i.e. vowel harmony.
Its iconic headframe, located near downtown Timmins, has come to represent the entire Porcupine Gold Rush.
A history of ownership disputes dates as far back as the late nineteenth century.
Keir Beck is an Australia Stuntman and Film Director based on the Gold Coast.
Eccles gradually became the predominant owner.
Wedding Rehearsal is a 1932 British romantic comedy film starring Roland Young as a bachelor forced to seek a wife.
Unlike EC 3.4.24.7, interstitial collagenase, this enzyme cleaves type III collagen more slowly than type IThis enzyme belongs to the peptidase family M10.
Her songs and vocals have been featured in literally hundreds of Hollywood blockbusters, many of them Oscar and Grammy winners and nominees.
In 1834 a medical school attached to the hospital was formally founded.
The site includes a carpet of stone flakes, evidence of rough stonework (creating forms probably finished in Tulauta), signs of habitation, and two tia'ave, oval stone platforms found in abundance on the island.
Fiber Channel is mainly used in storage area networks (SAN) in commercial data centers.
Hope Music Group was founded by Philippe NKOUAYA in 2012.
The 2012 ASEAN Basketball League season was the third season of competition of the ASEAN Basketball League (ABL) since its establishment.
It is a native of Northern America, and is to be found growing in open woodlands.
Occupational pensions are a form of deferred compensation, usually advantageous to employee and employer for tax reasons.
Brett French scored the match-winning try for Wynnum-Manly in the 1982 Brisbane Rugby League premiership's grand final victory over Souths.
The Prairie School style block was designed by the architectural firm Shopbell & Company and built in 1910 as part of a trend to reform crowded living conditions for the working class.
In the mid-1970s the Kentucky Horse Park near Lexington opened to the public, using a logo based on the photograph.
The mall sits in the portion of Estero de Quiapo which became Roman Super Cinerama in 1964 and burnt down in the late 1970s.
In 1945 the movies stopped and the building sat idle.
The single also reached the top 30 in Scotland.
A large bird with a horizontal body and long bare legs, giving it an ostrich like appearance, this bird is among the heaviest of the flying birds.
His work on the 2000 live televised play Fail Safe and on Ambush, a live fourth season episode of ER earned him two Emmy Awards.
Pivoting increases the power of the punch, but leaves one lacking in options to follow up with, such as the right uppercut or right hook.
Chikkadpally is a village in the Rudrur mandal, Nizamabad district, Telangana, India, located near to Rudrur.
It was published in the UK by Faber and Faber in 1979.
Homie has released just one song, "American Girls", for the soundtrack of the 1998 film Meet the Deedles.
Most of the songs on Mellotron On! ended up on the band's true second album, White Hot Peach; the remaining ones were made available over eMusic.
His grandson, Mordecai F. Ham Jr., who is perhaps best known for leading Billy Graham to Christ, would later be ordained into ministry at then Drakes Creek Baptist Church.
Molepo means a place or a moment of relaxation.
Polyurethane products have many uses.
Inez Fischer-Credo (born 10 September 1928) is a retired Canadian equestrian.
This episode first aired on May 7, 2017.
But others associate it with decentralization (spread of population without a well-defined center), discontinuity (leapfrog development, as defined below), segregation of uses, and so forth.
Initially the album was also self-distributed, but later distributed by Sony Music.
The cast features Walter Koenig and Bruce Campbell with Leigh Lombardi as an ancient astronaut from the distant past who face an alien invasion by a race of predatory cyborgs.
Karl Helmer Alexandersson (born 16 November 1886, in Stockholm - died 24 December 1927 in Stockholm), was a Swedish composer and violinist.
Erin Michael O'Toole, PC CD MP (born January 22, 1973) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in a by-election on November 26, 2012.
He served as Military Inspector General for Health of the Belgian Army and the President of the Entomological Society of Belgium.
Theissen was made team principal of the resulting BMW Sauber team, and in their first season, they achieved 5th in the constructors championship, both a considerable improvement on Sauber's previous season and a match for Williams' previous position in the standings.
NSU Sharks Women's Softball team represents Nova Southeastern University in Davie, Florida.
This leads to the results of data processing carried out by the information processing system which converts the electronically generated information into human-readable form.
Kumkuyu is a town in Mersin Province, Turkey.
Horfield lies to the east of the A38 and also to the south.
Trans Am is the debut self-titled album by Trans Am, released in 1996.
The population was 31,679 as of 2016 according to United States Census Bureau estimates, with much of the growth due to annexation.
The winner was named champion of the Atlantic 10 Conference and received an automatic bid to the 1995 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
The Aaron Aldrich House is a historic house located at 30663 Lake Road in Bay Village, Ohio.
He is best known for his work in the Canadian Screen award-winning short film Hole.
Cesar L. Villanueva, also known as CLV, was the former Dean of the Ateneo Law School in Makati City, Philippines.
As with many other traditional folk songs, lyrics change from version to version.
A legendary actor with 500 films in over 40 years, Shin debuted in director Shin Sang-ok's 1960 film A Romantic Papa and rose to fame through popular youth titles.
Eddy Besong, known by the stage name of Eddy Bee AKA Mr R&B, is a Cameroonian Afrobeat and RnB artist.
Though her next single, 2000's "Ya Style" found some success on the rap charts (peaking at #17), "Romeo and Juliet" remains both Sylk-E. Fyne and Chill's only top 40 hit on the Billboard 200.
At the end of the year, the ARMvS is pulled to the surface, along with the species which have inhabited it, for analysis.
The grecs du roi design placed significant demands on printers, since it requires manual choice of the many alternate characters for every word, in contrast to Latin-alphabet general-purpose typefaces which do not attempt to simulate handwriting as closely.
European New Car Assessment Program (Euro NCAP) is a European car safety performance assessment program (i.e. a New Car Assessment Program) based in Brussels (Belgium) and founded in 1997 by the Transport Research Laboratory for the UK Department for Transport and backed by several European governments, as well as by the European Union.
In the book St. Paul's Architecture: A History, Hess and Larsen wrote, "But when the [Housing Redevelopment Authority] attemted to acquire land for low-income housing in more developed areas, neighborhood opposition became so strident that it reverberated throughout the mayoral campaign of 1952, helping defeat the two-term incumbent Edward K. Delaney, an unabashed supporter of public housing."
It also hosted California's first constitutional convention in 1849.
This is common for butane- or propane-fuelled gas torches, but also applies to the older, large liquid paraffin (kerosene) torches such as the Wells light.
Bradley Woods (grid reference ST789410) is an area of woodland in Wiltshire, south of Longleat Woods and north of Gare Hill.
Others could appear in several categories but have been relegated to one.
It is sometimes eaten with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream and raspberries.
As of 2015, Israel maintains more than 400 nature reserves that protect 2,500 species of indigenous wild plants, 20 species of fish, 400 species of birds and 70 species of mammals.
Based in Costa Mesa, California, the company markets Enterprise Content Management (ECM) and Business Process Management (BPM) solutions in more than 90 countries through its own global sales, services and support organizations, as well as via its ValueNet Partner network of resellers, system integrators and application developers.
Dean Crombie (born 9 August 1957) is an English former professional footballer who was made redundant from his last job in football in 2014 and is now retired.
Content creation is the contribution of information to any media and most especially to digital media for an end-user/audience in specific contexts.
The version included on the promo single is the Pop 'til You Drop!
The Sixth Parliamentary session was announced on 7 October and convened on 28 October.
Barnes ran unsuccessfully for the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors two times.
Cynthia Harriss is an American retail and tourism industry executive, notable for her senior roles with Gap Inc. and The Walt Disney Company.
Therefore, if the data source is not capable of providing a timestamp, for example, the OPC DA server must create a timestamp.
Machines used in the mill include the planer and matcher, the molding machines, and varieties of saws.
The Confraternity Bible strives to give a fluent English translation while remaining close to the Latin Vulgate.
Cannabis sativa is an annual herbaceous flowering plant indigenous to eastern Asia but now of cosmopolitan distribution due to widespread cultivation.
Its function is thermoregulation (cooling) of the body.
Whilst Cabinet Secretary, O'Donnell was regularly referred to within the Civil Service, and subsequently in the popular press, as GOD; this was mainly because of his initials.
The locale is an important conservation area, having been designated as an SSSI.
Bufo andrewsi is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
In extreme cases, such as Skookumchuck Narrows in British Columbia, through which tides can travel at more than 17 knots, very large whirlpools develop, which can be extremely hazardous to navigation.
Eyot also known as Bridge Ait is an island in the River Thames in England just above Maidenhead Bridge on the reach above Bray Lock, near Maidenhead, Berkshire.
Collaborative leadership is a management practice which is focused on the leadership skills across functional and organizational boundaries.
Will Cotton lives and works in New York City.
Lottia orbignyi is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.
Membership is open to all technology user groups.
If these calculations are accurate, this would make the events the deadliest acts of mass killings in human history.
Paradoris caerulea is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
The show opened in Brighton in September 1989, moved to Bath and made its triumphant London debut at the Apollo Theater in Shaftesbury Avenue in October.
P. flavitarsis was originally named Erirhinus flavitarsis by Broun in 1880.
The station was busy at peak hours, with commuters using it to travel to Exeter.
Bunaba is a settlement in Kenya's Busia County.
Meighan himself appeared to push the start button for the sound.
It includes footage of the band on tour, both performing and amusing themselves on the road via activities such as skateboarding, bowling, visiting a zoo, and driving go-karts.
The river drops over a small waterfall just before flowing into the lake.
SM U-109 was a Type U 93 submarine of the Imperial German Navy in World War I, taking part in the First Battle of the Atlantic.
The Volkswagen Microbus Concept Car (also known as the Volkswagen New Microbus and Volkswagen Microbus Concept) was a concept car recalling the original Volkswagen Microbus and first presented at the 2001 North American International Auto Show.
Rukmini, who is claimed to speak eight languages fluently, sang songs from the various countries around the globe.
Mirubactin is a siderophore produced by the bacterium Actinosynnema mirum.
It began as an organized insurrection of Yaik Cossacks headed by Yemelyan Pugachev, a disaffected ex-lieutenant of the Imperial Russian Army, against a background of profound peasant unrest and war with the Ottoman Empire.
The Museum is operated by the Cotton Belt Rail Historical Society and local volunteers.
Now published as a peer-reviewed academic journal through John Wiley & Sons, the journal is occasionally also described as a "magazine".
All Ireland JFC Champions after defeating Fuerty of Roscommon 5-7 to 1-11 on February 9, 2014.
Hamdy was the 12th and president of the Egyptian Al-Ahly Sporting Club.
As part of her role as Honorary Member of the RBSA, Paynter has participated as a guest artist in print exhibitions and delivered printmaking workshops for adults.
They toured with Girl Talk in 2008, and Third Eye Blind in 2009.
In murder cases, psychic detectives may purport to be in communication with the spirits of the murder victims.
They played their first match in the Inter-Provincial Trophy on 26 May 2017, and won their first match, against North West Warriors, on 6 July 2018.
Cebu Coliseum is an indoor arena in Cebu City, Philippines.
Huancayo District is one of twenty-eight districts of the province Huancayo in Peru.
He failed to display his best form in four subsequent races and was retired in August 1998.
The team has played tests against the South African national Australian rules football team in both Australia and South Africa and more recently against an underage Papua New Guinea, the first international team to defeat them in Australian rules football.
The title is French for "Madman's Garden".
It is found in Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and Suriname.
Prior to 1916 it had well houses, bath houses, guest cottages, a dance pavilion, and gambling hall.
Daktari (subtitled Shelly Manne Performs & Conducts His Original Music for the Hit TV Show) is an album by drummer Shelly Manne recorded in 1967 featuring music from Daktari and released on the Atlantic label.
She was named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1997.
Hymenocoleus is a genus of flowering plants in family Rubiaceae.
The B-side, "I Know What I Want", is a live recording, recorded during 1979 at Daytona Beach, Florida.
The school is named after D-Day veteran Garth Webb who founded the Juno Beach Center.
He became the incumbent at Trinity, Montreal in 1940; and Archdeacon of Montreal in 1956.
The firm was prolific and produced consistently fine work though the patronage of notable figures of the Canadian establishment, and is responsible for enhancing the architectural character and quality of the city, and indeed the rest of Canada, in the first quarter of the 20th century.
The Chronicle is a popular daily newspaper in Zimbabwe.
In early 2008 their song "Land of No Return" was featured on Gray's Anatomy.
It is common worldwide, but in Europe it is rare.
Other uses include medical and genetic exceptionalism.
Released on March 25, 2016, via Casablanca Records and consisting of seven songs, the EP peaked on the Top Dance/Electronic Albums chart at number one.
Usually depicted as an opponent of the Thunder God and hero Thor, it is in fact a suit of Asgardian armor animated by magic.
Kangoo Jumps is a rebounding sports brand.
It was Plant's tenth top-10 solo hit on the Mainstream Rock chart.
The Masrur Temples, also referred to as Masroor Temples or Rock-cut Temples at Masrur, is an early 8th-century complex of rock-cut Hindu temples in the Kangra Valley of Beas River in Himachal Pradesh, India.
He was appointed Minister of Labor and Productivity on 10 February 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan moved Adetokunbo Kayode to the Ministry of Justice.
The 2016 season was the 106th season in the history of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
West, on the other hand, was struggling to keep afloat as a country singer, and needed help to bring her career back to where she was in the early part of the decade.
Linford Wood is a 3.5 hectare Local Nature Reserve in East Tilbury in Essex.
Coprinellus hiascens is a species of mushroom in the Psathyrellaceae family.
Agung Mount Agung, a volcano on the island of Bali in Indonesia, erupted five times in late November 2017, causing thousands to evacuate, disrupting air travel and causing environmental damage.
ANI is not related to newer caller ID services such as call display.
Sandler went on a 21-day US tour to support the album, complete with a live backing band.
Temple / Koodalmanikkam Temple is a Hindu temple which is situated in Manavalassery village, Irinjalakuda, Trissur district, Kerala state, India.
Elements heavier than iron, such as gold and lead, are created through elemental transmutations that can only take place in supernovae - as stars begin to fuse heavier elements, substantially less energy is released from each fusion reaction, and each fusion reaction that produces elements heavier than iron is endothermic in nature, and stars are incapable of carrying this out.
Papanacheri is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.
"V" aka V. Roane has continued to release great music which can be found on iTunes, Amazon and many more online digital music distributors.
Zaza is the African junior record holder in the 110 meters hurdles.
Peerless was founded in 1921 in Mexico City by E. Baptista.
2001 National Invitation Tournament was the 2001 edition of the annual NCAA college basketball competition.
The 2012 race was moved to the end of August from its usual start date at the beginning of the month because of a clash with the 2012 Olympic Games.
She hails from the Auliyahan subdivision of the Somali Ogaden Darod clan.
The Saxons, who apparently identified Cambra with the same status as that of a King or priest, developed the proverb Sy Camber, used to refer to any man who spoke as wisely as Cambra.
According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 255 people.
Nicentrus decipiens is a species of flower weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae.
He converted to the Roman Catholic faith in 1988.
He recruited three other veteran trumpet players and vocalist Terry Richards, backed them with a rock rhythm section, and created a band which merged both jazz and rock styles.
Councilors are elected for a four-year term.
The lead vocals were performed by Rieley, who was also the Beach Boys' manager at the time.
The 2012 edition of the Lebanese FA Cup is the 40th edition to be played.
Created in the Image of Suffering is the debut studio album by American doom metal band King Woman, released on February 24, 2017 through Relapse Records.
The song was first recorded and released by Walker's pop group The Walker Brothers as the title track of their final album 1978's Nite Flights.
She trained at JYP Entertainment before joining YG Entertainment, and was a member of the girl group 2NE1 until it disbanded in 2016.
Bronx Theater High School is a high school in the Marble Hill section of Bronx, New York.
The ship's keel was laid down 22 May 1944 by Consolidated Steel Corp. at their yard in Orange, Texas.
The school was run in the Zion chapel school room.
They also live in the Sonitpur and North Lakhimpur districts of Assam.
Marcian Edward "Ted" Hoff Jr. (born October 28, 1937 in Rochester, New York) is one of the inventors of the microprocessor.
In May 1969, ten years later, ISK opened its first branch in Mangaf-Fahaheel with five teachers and about seventy students in classes KG to STD III.
It was one of the first established in a Jewish community in the Catskill region, and is still in use today.
He studied at Ysgol Rhydfelen and at Aberystwyth University, gaining a doctorate for his work on Globalization and the Welsh economy.
Jamie Quinn, better known by his stage name Matrix, is a London-based drum and bass producer, DJ, and founder of record label Metro Recordings.
The Old Gate is one of the many gates of the wall of Jerusalem, located on the northern side.
He also played for the Arkansas Diamonds of the Indoor Football League.
Molecular analysis revealed the fungus to be a member of the genus Lepiota, and it was transferred to that genus in 2013.
Cochylimorpha cuspidata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
It is built in the Italianate Victorian architecture style.
On April 20, Pope Benedict XVI named its third bishop, Most Rev. Mylo Hubert C. Vergara, as the bishop of Pasig.
The Kawasaki Z300, or ER300, is a parallel-twin motorcycle in the streetfighter or standard style.
Ithonidae, commonly called moth lacewings and giant lacewings, is a small family of winged insects of the insect order Neuroptera.
Psycho Beach Party is a 2000 comedy horror film based on the off-Broadway play of the same name, directed by Robert Lee King.
Found in Singapore and Australia, it was described as new to science by E.J.H. Corner in 1972, who called it Boletus rarus.
The album was released on October 14, 2005.
Barrow Parish Council was created in 2015, previously the village was in Wiswell civil parish.
Calca Peninsula (also known as Freeman Peninsula) is a peninsula in the Australian state of South Australia located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in the locality of Sceale Bay about 27 kilometers (17 miles) to about 46 kilometers (29 miles) south-east of the town of Streaky Bay.
His television work has additionally garnered him BAFTA and International Emmy Awards for best actor.
Matthew Scott Hopcraft (born 1971) is an Australian dentist, public health academic and television cook.
Az Zibar is a small town on the Kabir River in the mountains of the Erbil Governorate of northeastern Iraq.
The Bristol Type 192 Belvedere is a British twin-engine, tandem rotor military helicopter built by the Bristol Airplane Company.
Meanwhile, Milhouse competes against a new boy for the lead role in a school production of Casablanca, so he can act alongside his own unrequited love, Lisa.
Flight to Freedom is an album by Cuban jazz trumpeter, pianist and composer Arturo Sandoval, first released on the GRP label in 1991.
The Pillsbury Bake-Off is a cooking contest, first run by the Pillsbury Company from 1949-1976, and 2013 to 2014 as an annual contest.
An Australian patrol of five troops were ambushed by communist forces.
He began a journalism cadetship in 1988 at the now-defunct Truth newspaper in Melbourne.
Sophronica hirsuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
This is a list of candidates who stood for the 1969 Queensland state election.
The first single 'Radio' reached #1 on Swedish charts, and stayed there for two weeks.
Xanthoepalpus bicolor is a species of bristle fly in the family Tachinidae.
Roy Alton Lee (born 24 May 1931) is professor emeritus of history at the University of South Dakota, where he taught American history.
Several species are seriously threatened and one became extinct in recent history (a second extinct species is only known from fossils).
The top four teams qualified for the 1997 Pan American Tournament, held from August 21 to August 31 in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Nungessers is the name of the confluence of roads that meet at the Hudson and Bergen county line at North Bergen and Fairview in northeastern New Jersey.
The 1936 tournament was the last time that the sport was contested at the Olympic Games.
This collaborative process is designed to get products to market more quickly and at lower price points due to global economies of scale.
Jayampathy Charitha Ratwatte III (known as Charitha Ratwatte; born 1948) is a Sri Lankan lawyer and bureaucrat.
William Hybels (born December 12, 1951) is the founding and former senior pastor of Willow Creek Community Church in South Barrington, Illinois, one of the most attended churches in North America, with an average attendance of nearly 24,000 as of 2011.
The social cognitive theory of morality attempts to explain how moral thinking, in interaction with other psychosocial determinants, govern individual moral conduct.
The record and its songs won seven Grammy Awards; it is the only album in history to have multiple tracks win the Grammy Award for Record of the Year: "Beautiful Day" in 2001 and "Walk On" in 2002.
It is a northern arm of Amundsen Gulf on southeastern Banks Island where dry tundra is found.
DIAL has been used for refinery surveys in Europe for over 15 years.
The battle was notable for demonstrating that traditional European siege tactics were viable in North America when applied properly in the right circumstances and terrain.
The Turkish Republic has also been accused of attempting to intimidate and silence foreign investigative journalists and genocide scholars.
As a young adult he was in the Royal Navy and went to the Falkland Islands when the UK responded to the Argentinian invasion in 1982.
He claimed 53 wickets from seven matches for his state team in the season and was their second highest wicket-taker in the 2013-14 season.
Megalobulimus popelairianus, synonym Strophocheilus popelairianus, is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae.
North Iberville High School closed in 2009 despite a parental movement to keep the school open.
Her personal best in the event is 60.78 meters (Hamilton 2015).
Rossi is a member of the United Left.
Diversidoris sulphurea is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
The Parental Leave Directive 2010/18/EU is a European Union Directive, which concerns the basic rights of all parents to leave in the European Union.
It is situated mainly in the historic barony of Iveagh Upper, Upper Half, with one townland in Iveagh Upper, Lower Half.
Max (sometimes stylized as MAX Comics) is an imprint of Marvel Comics that specializes in comic book media aimed at adult audiences.
Their most recent album Revelation was released on May 19, 2017.
There he sits with his eyes never looking out and always searching in.
On this land which included much of the old Parish of Digswell and further acquisitions nearby, was built Welwyn Garden City.
Often paired with The CBS Radio Mystery Theater during its first season, the program offered a different genre of drama for each evening's broadcast.
Broadcasting at 10,000 watts effective radiated power, the station's format consists of Native American music and Americana music.
Its tone was light and it lacked the intense characterisations of their earlier films.
It is important to get the Allowance between the axle and the bearing correct so that the axle rotates smoothly and easily without judder..
Insensitive munitions are munitions that are designed to withstand stimuli representative of severe but credible accidents.
Michael J. Fox noted that Back to the Future co-creator Bob Gale is "the gatekeeper" to the franchise.
The ash-colored cuckoo (Coccycua cinerea) is an American bird species of the cuckoo family (Cuculidae).
She & Him Christmas became their best-selling record in the United States, has sold 391,000 copies as of June 2014.
Aggie Gray was born in Western Samoa in 1897 and died in 1988.
"Katie" Monahan (born November 9, 1972 in Aspen, Colorado) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics and 2002 Winter Olympics.
There is considerable controversy about the prevalence of tops and bottoms among male/female and straight/gay populations.
Alcithoe smithi is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.
The people might stand in a circle, however, instead of a line.
Richard Carpenter took these tracks and recorded new material around them, and this album was the end result.
Female is very similar to the male.
It is a subsidiary of the Go-Ahead Group and operates most busses under contract to Transport for London.
In July 2009, Gibson revived the Nighthawk with the Nighthawk 2009 limited edition.
Bercenay-en-Othe is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
It is used as the home stadium of FSV Zwickau and has a capacity of 10,000 seats.
Flag Officer William F. Lynch quickly decided to take his new ironclad over the bar at New Inlet, NC and attack the Union blockading squadron at sea.
The World Military Track & Field Championships are the world championships of athletics organized by the International Military Sports Council (CISM).
This is a list of historic places in Parkland Region, Manitoba entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.
Federally, it was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1867 to 1968.
The school is a part of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA), competing in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference (KCAC).
An Ireland, and England international hooker, he had played his entire professional career with the Wigan Warriors, prior to his move to the South of France.
The Noaghia River is a tributary of the Poarta River in Romania.
He was subsequently re-elected when the riding was redistributed and renamed Trinity-Spadina prior to the 1999 provincial election.
Curragh Bridge Halt railway station was on the Derry Central Railway which ran from Magherafelt to Macfin Junction in Northern Ireland.
It was one of the first chiefdom centers to arise in the Valley, flourishing on the western shore of Lake Texcoco during the Middle Pre-Classic period, between the years of 1200 BCE and 200 BCE.
Syngamia fervidalis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
This cemented his place in the side for the rest of the season, which ended with participation in a qualifying final.
As the SVU squad try to find the missing child, they also try to solve the earlier case and learn from their mistakes.
Endoxyla columbina is a moth in the family Cossidae.
Bronson is a 2008 British fictionalized biographical crime drama film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Tom Hardy as Michael Peterson.
Sarah Casorso is a professional women's hockey player with the Buffalo Beauts of the National Women's Hockey League.
The priory was built north of Aalborg for Benedictine nuns.
He specialized in landscapes .
The Independent Breweries Company was a syndicate founded in St. Louis, Missouri, by the combination of Griesediecks' National Brewery, Columbia (Alpen Brau), the Gast brewery in Baden, A.B.C., and Wagner Brewing Company.
However, it could only reach No. 42 in the UK Singles Chart, and continued a two-year period of relative commercial decline for the band.
Sherry Lawrence (born January 17, 1984) is a Canadian alpine skier who represented Canada at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy.
Sail is the third album by singer/songwriter duo Loggins and Messina, released in 1973.
He later coached the Omani team Al Arouba and development coach for the Burkina Faso national football team.
Unique among cultural organizations, The Philadelphia Folksong Society supports its efforts with the devotion, ingenuity and sweat of over 2,500 volunteers.
The inscription on the bottom was "the sunshine state" before it was changed in 1992.
"You're Something Special to Me" (#4 on Hot Country Singles) and "The Chair" (#1 on the same chart).
Sierra is a fictional character portrayed by Dichen Lachman in the Fox science fiction series Dollhouse, created by Joss Whedon.
This is a large pipit, but is an undistinguished looking species on the ground, mainly brown above and pale below.
Their first three studio albums have received Juno Award nominations, with 1997's Molinos winning for the Roots and Traditional Album of the Year category.
Polytan surfaces hold certification confirming compliance with the standards of all major international sports governing bodies, e.g. IAAF, FIFA, UEFA, and FIH.
Aranyani bears resemblance to later day forest deities like Bonobibi in Bengal, Vanadevata in Goa and Konkan, Vanadurga in parts of South India.
Previously, Paxton was Director, J3 - Operations, The Joint Staff and Chief of Staff, Multinational Forces-Iraq.
In Myanmar about 6% of the population is Christian, with two-thirds of them being considered Protestant.
Victims reportedly entered the country from Peru, Paraguay, Colombia, and Bolivia, although it was difficult to distinguish trafficking victims from economic migrants.
Semandang is a Dayak language of Borneo.
Mima lies at an elevation of 1010 feet (308 m).
The main grass is red fescue, and herbs include horseshoe vetch and common rockrose.
Meshuchrarim are a Jewish community of freed slaves, often of mixed-race African-European descent, who accompanied Sephardic Jews in their immigration to India following the 16th-century expulsion from Spain.
The controversial lottery proposal was approved on August 31, 2005, after then-Lt. Gov. Bev Perdue cast a tie-breaking vote in the North Carolina Senate.
He is best known for his performances in the Venkat Prabhu films Saroja, Goa and Mankatha.
He moved to QAF FC in 2009 where he won the Brunei Premier League in his first season with them.
Other traditions hold he is buried in the Cathedral of Lucca.
The ground has a capacity of about 5,000.
The series was a co-production of the Pacific Basin Institute and KCTS-TV in Seattle.
ABC continued to air it in reruns until 1978.
When subcutaneous inoculation is used experimentally, it results in rapid onset of the disease, a shorter clinical course and less marked pathological lesions compared to the longer course of disease and more profound lesions of oral drenching and the intranasal infection by aerosols.
The name "Penn Yan" is a syllabic abbreviation of "Pennsylvania Yankee".
NGC 193 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Pisces.
She featured on Rage's "Lord of the flies" track, and toured with the band on their Carved in Stone European tour.
Steeger handled editorial matters while Goldsmith took care of the business side.
The game thus developed with the formation of the London Water Polo League and has since expanded, becoming widely popular in various places around the world, including Europe, the United States, Brazil, China, Canada and Australia.
He was a professor in Madras from 1872 to 1893.
Howzzattt is a digital 2D animation series, focusing on the adventures of a bunch of cricket-crazy youngsters, who like to call them as 'Gulab Nagar Junglees'.
Saturday Night Live was the Spanish localisation of the popular US-comedy television series Saturday Night Live which was shown on Cuatro and produced by Globomedia.
It was the first major feature film to portray British troops in action during the Korean War and introduces Michael Caine (himself a veteran of the Korean War) in his first credited film role.
Fehr now earns his living as a sports agent for professional golfers with Fehr Sports Management.
I. J. Schoenberg gave the spline function its name after its resemblance to the mechanical spline used by draftsmen.
The music was composed by Khan Mastana, and Kishore Sahu sang the songs picturised on him.
He first enrolled at Texas Christian University before tranferring to the University of Tulsa.
This kinase was shown to activate Jun kinase in mammalian cells, which suggested a role in stress response.
He was selected 4th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Jeet (born Jeetendra Madnani on 30 November 1978) is an Indian Bengali film actor, producer and television presenter.
His favorite surface is Grass.
Born in New York City to William Morris agent Sam McKeith, who had helped guide the early careers of Stevie Wonder and Bruce Springsteen, and actress/producer Sheila Frazier, McKeith moved to Los Angeles with his mother, where he began his music career aspirations.
It was first mentioned by Adolf Engler in 1889 and described scientifically by him in 1893.
"This Is Tomorrow" and "Method of Modern Love".
Their second studio album, Dead Sea Fruit, was released in 2009.
In the 2014 Moroccan census the commune recorded a population of 38,156 people living in 7250 households.
Njoro River Cave is an archeological site on the Mau Escarpment, Kenya, that was first excavated in 1938 by Mary Leakey and her husband Louis Leakey.
It is critically endangered due to wood collecting and possibly illegal collection.
It is located on Brunswick Street, Manchester, within the Engineering and Physical Sciences faculty of the University.
Ali fought two boxing matches with George Chuvalo.
A by-election was held for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Barker on 13 October 1956.
These species are found in Brazil and in the case of A. badius, also Argentina, Bolivia, Uruguay, and Paraguay.
The Value-added Producer Grants program was authorized by the Agriculture Risk Protection Act of 2000 and amended by the 2002 farm bill (P.L.107-171, Sec. 6401).
The Oxford antiquary Anthony Wood described Turner as "a man of very loose principles", though this probably referred only to the fact that he had an illegitimate son.
It was discovered in 1852 by astronomer John Russell Hind using a 7-inch telescope.
Arveladze previously served as head of Administration of the President of Georgia.
The story takes place in the 15th century and is written in the form of a letter from the novel's protagonist, Sir Thomas Lemuel Hawke, to his four children.
It was remade in Telugu as Saradaga Kasepu.
Instead, it uses a fine powder of magnetically susceptible material (typically stainless steel) to mechanically link an otherwise free wheeling disk attached to one shaft, to a rotor attached to the other shaft.
The National Herald was founded by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1938.
The following railroads operate in Idaho.
The paper publishes five days a week, Monday through Friday.
He has acted in several plays, such as Anna Weiss, Dance Like A Man, The Good Doctor and provided voice-overs to numerous advertisements, documentaries and corporate shows.
Liocarinia disjuncta is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The Kentucky Opry operates a music hall in Draffenville.
All of the tracks, except for "Sing a Song" and "Blackbird", are from their album Wire, released earlier that year.
Republican candidate John J. Blaine won the election with 76% of the vote, winning his second of three terms in a massive victory as Governor of Wisconsin due to his massive popularity, the overall popularity of the Republican Party in the 1920s and the obscurity of his opponents.
Neal Petersen is a South African world-class professional solo racing yachtsman, global investor, award-winning author of Journey of a Hope Merchant, and the subject of a PBS documentary.
The service is funded primarily by a transportation fee paid by students each semester.
He attended Churcher's College, in Petersfield, Hampshire.
Moxon received a B.A. from American University in 1972, and a J.D. degree from George Mason University in 1981.
Jalan Batu Enam (Johor state route J43) is a main state road in Johor, Malaysia.
The episode parodies security alarm systems, and also contains references to Amazon.com and the film The Dark Knight Rises.
Sphaerosyllis pygipapillata has all of its antennae aligned, a smooth dorsum, while its pygidial papillae are longer and slender.
Distributed in Russia (the northern coast and in the Caspian Sea).
For more information on this creation of the viscountcy, see the latter title.
While serving 27 years in prison for his crime, he reported seeing a vision of his victim in which she repeated to him how she had forgiven him on her death bed.
There were a total number of 27 participating athletes, with four qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Tuesday 9 August 1983.
The Aero A.46 was a Czechoslovakian military trainer biplane that flew in prototype form in 1931.
Conant is credited with bringing the sport of ice hockey to Pittsburgh, since the indoor ice rinks lured many Canadian players to the city.
MPEG-D MPEG Surround parametric coding tools are integrated into the USAC codec.
He is the first research and development chief in the pharmaceutical industry to become a billionaire.
The setting of the movie is New York instead of the original location of the novel in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
The initial line up included bassist Lewis Greenhow & drummer Rikki Smith.
Tarr Chronicles is a space combat simulation game developed by Quazar Studio and Akella and published by Paradox Interactive (AUS) and cdv Software.
In August of that year he moved to San Diego to produce the Stevens & Grdnic Morning Show on Y95.
Ramularia brunnea is a fungal plant pathogen infecting strawberries.
It is their first full-length live album, and their second live release.
Its source is in the Kaufungen Forest, near the village Rommerode.
Lachlan Fitzgibbon (born 5 January 1994) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as second-row forward for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
The 63rd Ohio Volunteer Infantry (or 63rd OVI) was an infantry regiment which served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The third or fourth portion of the duodenum is the most common site for aortoenteric fistulas, followed by the jejunum and ileum.
He is known for his pro-active judgements which changed the judicial history of India.
Thitarodes malaisei is a species of moth of the family Hepialidae.
His research has been funded by the National Science Foundation.
Pewee Valley is a home rule-class city in Oldham County, Kentucky, United States.
Because young children do not usually start playing double bass until a later age than those playing the smaller instruments, double bass players in youth orchestras tend to be in the early to mid-20s.
During the late 1930s and early 1940s, military maneuvers increased worldwide and sexual hygiene and conduct became major problems for the troops.
The salt print process is often confused with Talbot's slightly later 1841 calotype or "talbotype" process, in part because salt printing was mostly used for making prints from calotype paper negatives rather than live subjects.
Therefore, disruptions at the station can easily affect the rest of the country's railway network.
It was released on November 17, 2016, and serves as the second single from his third studio album "Awaken, My Love!"
He has also worked as a designer in the video game industry and a consultant in the film industry.
While this was eight seats short of an absolute majority, the Alliance was able to form a government.
The Cartier Horse of the Year is an award in European horse racing, founded in 1991, and sponsored by Cartier SA as part of the Cartier Racing Awards.
Bearer of the initiative is the Evangelical Church in Germany.
A Return to Salem's Lot is a 1987 American horror film co-written and directed by Larry Cohen and starring Michael Moriarty, Andrew Duggan and Samuel Fuller.
Galena is part of the Branson, Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The registry was housed by several galleries, including cooperatives 55 Mercer and A.I.R., before going to the Mabel Smith Douglass Library at Rutgers University in New Jersey, where it is now archived.
A group of bits or digits that is transmitted as a unit and that may be encoded for error-control purposes.
"When the Sky is Like Lace" was on the New York Times' list of "Outstanding Books" of the year.
It contains three novellas and a teleplay.
Though the current iteration of the character was not present in the original The Death of Superman storyline, Supergirl appears in the crossover as well due to being part of the Justice League.
Vroman's Nose is a prominent geological feature in the town of Fulton (near Middleburgh), in Schoharie County, New York, United States.
The male performs a courtship flight known as 'roding' at dusk in spring.
He was born in the Victorian town of Wangaratta.
Colorado State Parks host over eleven million visitors each year.
It is based on the concept that some pieces of music can or will harm either the listener or the performer.
It consists of the pyramidal and extrapyramidal system.
The property has 500 rooms, of which 34 are suites, as well as 41 serviced apartments; other facilities include a spa, 24-hour gym, outdoor pool and conference/event spaces able to accommodate up to 2,000 guests.
The primary purpose of laminating with such a machine is to embellish or protect printed documents or images.
The band contributed a song titled "Strapper" to the soundtrack of the 1998 film Boogie Boy starring Joan Jett and Traci Lords.
He is working as a DSP for the Punjab Police.
A key service design concern is to find the right service granularity both on the business (domain) level and on a technical (interface contract) level.
An overhead line or overhead wire is used to transmit electrical energy to trams, trolleybuses or trains.
It was released in 1977 on RSO Records.
Surface water may be contaminated through spillage and improperly built and maintained waste pits, in jurisdictions where these are permitted.
He is currently playing for the Charlotte Checkers in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The Lordship of Heinsberg was a territory within the Holy Roman Empire, centered on the city of Heinsberg.
Lady Antebellum is an American country music group formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2006.
This plant is the largest sewage treatment facility in the Los Angeles Metropolitan Area and one of the largest plants in the world.
Its source is in the eastern Ore Mountains.
Shooting started in 1994 and was finally completed in 2008 during which both the film's male lead (Trevor Goddard), and the original producer died.
Gadzhi-Mayly is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Villa Mella, or San Felipe de Villa Mella, is a municipality in Santo Domingo Norte, Dominican Republic.
USS Forrest (DD-461/DMS-24), a Gleaves-class destroyer, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Lieutenant Dulany Forrest, an officer who served during the War of 1812.
The line was abandoned on October 20 and the rails were removed and scrapped by the town.
He was also a delegate to the 1856 Republican National Convention.
There are two copies of this RNA called VAI or VA RNAI and VAII or VA RNAII.
In 1972 he worked for one year as United Nations Volunteer in Chad.
The album was released on other digital download services and on vinyl on June 29, 2018.
Oligoneuron houghtonii is threatened by the loss, degradation and fragmentation of its habitat during development and construction.
Its main thoroughfare is Beach Channel Drive.
The name derives from the soul food item chitterlings (stewed pig intestines); it is also a play on the term "Borscht Belt", which referred to particular resort venues (primarily in New York State's Catskill Mountains) that were popular with Jewish performers and audiences during the 1940s through the 1960s.
Pinch (born Andrew Pinching on 5 September 1965 in Grantham, Lincolnshire) is the current drummer in punk band the Damned.
The station broadcasts JUCE TV programming from 6AM to 6PM and local religious programming from 6PM to 6AM.
Allen-Stevenson is a private boys school for kindergarten through 9th grade in New York City, New York.
The European Council describe their key goals as protecting press publications, reducing the "value gap" between the profits made by internet platforms and content creators, encouraging "collaboration" between these two groups, and creating copyright exceptions for text and data mining.
The river is an example of a meandering river, and contains several oxbow lakes.
However, this provision has not prevented William Hay, Baron Hay of Ballyore, an Irish citizen, from being created a life peer in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
The opposite of normalcy bias is overreaction, or worst-case scenario bias, in which small deviations from normality are dealt with as signals of an impending catastrophe.
The first recorded population for Nasa was 149 in 1931.
They are distributed in the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas, especially North America, where the origin and center of diversity of the genus are in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.
The beaches are also a common place to watch the 4th of July fireworks since you can see three sets of fireworks; Salem, Beverly, and Marblehead.
The Geoffrey Bilson Award is selected by a jury chosen by the Canadian Children's Book Center.
Various cattle ranching operations surround the area.
Heliobolus is a genus of lizards of the family Lacertidae.
Friis is very active on his Facebook-page where he publishes reviews of rock records released in the 60's and the '70s.
Prior to becoming a state senator in 2011, Meredith served on the Fayetteville City Council for three terms spanning from 2005 to 2010.
In 1913 the ship was sold to the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company as the Caribbean.
Zaytoun is a non-profit organization established to support Palestinian farming communities by helping to increase the market for their olive oil products internationally, and also by helping the farmers themselves improve the quality of their oil through training and equipment provision.
Romania and Peru failed to advance.
Robert de Say, also called Robert Fitz-Picot, was a Norman knight who arrived in Shropshire after the Norman invasion.
In the episode, the boys feud with kids from New York at a gathering of elementary school students for a recorder concert.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Lamezia Terme (Latin: Dioecesis Neocastrensis) is in Calabria.
He was first elected to the chamber in 1998.
Kim Fox-Hubbard (also Fox) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Tameka Empson.
Her novel The Paperbark Shoe won the Association of Writers and Writing Programs Award for Fiction in 2008.
Economically, they are at a transitional stage between a hunter gatherer lifestyle and agriculturalism.
Lake Lotta is a kidney-shaped natural freshwater lake in Orange County, Florida.
Turnout was 79%.
The most common method of crowning a tooth involves using a dental impression of a prepared tooth by a dentist to fabricate the crown outside of the mouth.
Aaron Rivera (born July 17, 1996), who goes by the stage name Asaiah Ziv (pronounced: Uh-sy-uh Zihv).
She was recruited by Kenya Police after winning provincial championships in 2007.
In 2002, an oversized sculpture of Holly's distinctive horn-rimmed glasses was installed outside the Center's main entrance, and in 2013 Crickets drummer Jerry Allison's restored house was relocated to the site and opened to the public.
It is a politically independent trade union but the majority of the activists were Communists early in its history.
Deficiency in this enzyme has been shown to lead to pyridoxine dependency with seizures.
They successfully eluded the Union forces sent to intercept them.
It should not be confused with a finger tree nor a splay tree, although both can be used to implement finger search trees.
Jumper arrived in Falmouth 22 October 1707 not realizing that Sir Cloudesley and a substantial part of the fleet had been shipwrecked on the Scilly Isles when Shovell and four of his ships (Association, Firebrand, Romney and Eagle) were lost, claiming the lives of nearly 2,000 sailors.
Before joining Fox, he spent 10 years in local news, reporting and anchoring in markets including Columbia, South Carolina; Spartanburg, South Carolina; West Palm Beach, Florida; Miami; Chicago; and New York City.
The men's C-1 500 meters sprint canoeing competition at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha was held on 13 and 14 December at the West Bay Lagoon.
This event forced King Juba to adjust his plans and return part of his army to defend his territory thereby diminishing Scipio's available manning.
The daughter of Grace Mukomberanwa and Nicholas Mukomberanwa, she was trained by the first generation of sculptures.
The line runs from a point northeast of downtown Cleveland south and southwest to Berea along a former New York Central Railroad line.
Gould was the first to bring Siamese cats to Europe in 1884 when he brought a pair of these cats back to Britain for his sister, Lilian Jane Gould, who went on to be co-founder of the Siamese Cat Club in 1901.
A music series aimed at teenagers, it evolved from the earlier TV Disk Jockey series.
Kagaru is a rural locality split between Scenic Rim Region and City of Logan , Queensland, Australia.
It started as four-frame comic strips back in 1968 and evolved into fully sized collector books by the 1990s.
It was released on August 29, 1931, by Paramount Pictures.
Above the ground, the plant rarely reaches four feet in height.
Many populations are located on privately owned land, and it is up to the landowner to decide whether or not to initiate controlled burns.
Audun Kleive (born 20 October 1961 in Skien, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (drums and percussion) and composer.
Bayou was a 1957 motion picture directed by Harold Daniels.
During what period and by whom this and several other castles in Wales were erected, has not been determined.
Installed in 1899, it is an Italian marble statue portraying a single Confederate soldier atop a tall column and base, intended to commemorate contributions of the Confederate States Army.
DiscoverEstevan.com covers the team on a daily basis.
MOPAC2016 is able to perform calculations on small molecules and enzymes using PM7, PM6, PM3, AM1, MNDO, and RM1.
There was no automatic promotion and relegation with National League Two, but the RFL hoped to introduce this in the future.
Since 2010 he has also published articles on Judaism and art.
This article fully lists all non-pornographic films, including short films, that had a release date in that year and which were at least partly made by Armenia.
New Zealand was the host nation for the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship.
Adityanath is also the Mahant or head priest of the Gorakhnath Math, a Hindu temple in Gorakhpur, a position he has held since the death of his spiritual "father", Mahant Avaidyanath, in September 2014.
It was Slaughter's final on-screen appearance as an Iraqi sympathizer, a storyline fueled by the Gulf War.
For some people, it is a pattern of behaviors used intentionally to control or manipulate others or to get revenge.
Sewanee is best known as the home of The University of the South, commonly known as "Sewanee."
The album was recorded between June 1956 and February 1957.
LeBlond Aircraft Engine Corporation was a small engine manufacturer incorporated on April 11, 1928 and located on the northwest corner of Madison and Edwards Roads in Norwood, Ohio as a subsidiary of the R. K. LeBlond Machine Tool Company in Cincinnati, Ohio, a well known manufacturer of machinist lathes.
It is drawn nightly; games are $2 each.
Walk All Over Me is a Canadian film released in 2007 written by Robert Cuffley and Jason Long.
It was released by Electronic Arts in Japan on July 29, 2008.
Included was a short sequence of Jezebel, a 1916 Dennis N-Type fire engine that is still owned and run by the Royal College of Science Union at Imperial College London.
He has been the Director of the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington, D.C. since 1998, and is a founding fellow of the Transnational Institute (TNI) in Amsterdam.
It was also included in Windows 98 and later Windows operating systems until Windows Vista, where the feature was discontinued.
Neap is situated at the end of the road from Brettabister, through Housabister and Kirkabister.
The Riga Open was the first professional snooker tournament held in Latvia.
Prior to that, same-sex marriage in Arkansas was briefly legal for a period beginning on May 9, 2014, as the result of a ruling by Sixth Judicial Circuit Judge Chris Piazza, striking down the state's constitutional and legislative ban on same-sex marriage as violating the Constitution of the United States.
The accompanying music video received moderate airplay though it was less successful than the lead single from the album, the title track.
The 'Ground Ceremony' is a ritual used in some airforces, for example the US Airforce, signifying the handing off of the aircraft by the chief ground mechanic to the pilot, where the pilot is assured his aircraft is ready and safe for flight.
IHRD founded and manages a large number of Technical Schools, Engineering Colleges, polytechnics and Applied Science colleges.
Physalaemus kroyeri is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.
Cooke's Spring is located at the eastern mouth of the narrow upper Cooke's Canyon, part of what was called Cooke's Pass, a narrow gap, running east and west, through the Cooke's Range.
Published by Simon & Schuster, it describes life at the White House during the Clinton administration, including the renovation and refurbishment projects that were done and the emphasis on American cuisine.
The film is based on an original screenplay by Quentin Tarantino that was heavily revised by writer David Veloz, associate producer Richard Rutowski, and director Stone; Tarantino received story credit.
In 2003, as a senior competing for the University of Oregon, Holliday placed 1st at the NCAA Outdoor Championships.
End ferry wharf is located on the northern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane suburb of West End.
Initially, it aired weekday evenings, but started airing Mondays through Saturdays in early 2014, and finally daily since mid-2015.
The plant forms large, dense clumps.
The return of displaced persons and refugees was crucial for lasting peace in the region, after the Secretary-General Kofi Annan reported that refugees had encountered violence when returning to their places of origin in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Loch Bowie is a small freshwater loch located in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
Juan Bustabad (born August 16, 1961 in Havana, Cuba) is a minor league baseball player and manager.
It was published by The Macmillan Company of New York, for the first time in 1921.Wells drew on the experience of the Great War to propose a socialist world state brought about through education and the manipulation of popular opinion.
Both teams qualified for 1977 FIFA World Youth Championship.
The population was about 9,400 in 2004.The name is derived from the nautical term "the roads", a place less sheltered than a harbor but which ships can easily get to.
Jones won the division of Herbert in 2010, achieving a 2.05% swing against the Labor candidate, former Mayor of Townsville, Tony Mooney.
Lederer is a founder and board member of Tiltware, the company that launched Full Tilt Poker in 2004.
Some skits by certain artists have the same theme throughout.
The ICDLI is an associate member of the Council of European Producers of Materials for Construction (CEPMC).
Buckinghamshire University Technical College (or Buckinghamshire UTC) is a university technical college (UTC) which opened in September 2013 in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England.
Peter Dench (23 April 1972) is a photojournalist working primarily in advertising, editorial and portraiture photography.
George Lawrence Petros (born January 11, 1955) is an American art designer, author, editor, interviewer and illustrator.
The Tin Angel is now the common name for Odetta & Larry's only album, a collection of their recordings released in 1954 as "Odetta and Larry".
Muggowal (pronounced /muhgWoll/) is an agricultural village in the Hoshiarpur District of Punjab in India.
Rumesh Joseph Ratnayake (born January 2, 1964, in Colombo), is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in 23 Tests and 70 ODIs from 1982 to 1993.
But soon after the ruler banned the event, his horses started dying mysteriously and the misfortune stopped only after the ruler announced plans to organize the Minor Mela following the major one.
The Bad Kids is a 2016 documentary film about students at risk of dropping out who attend an alternative school in Yucca Valley, California.
Acrolophus scotera is a moth of the Acrolophidae family.
It is based on the Tamil Movie Vaali, released in 1999, except that the hero and heroines characters are reversed here.
She is many times known by her mononym Destra.
Musa Ben Faris ruled until 1386.
After the war she was ceded to France, where the unit served as Jean Autric until being scrapped in 1938.On 17 October 1917, SM U-105 met Antilles, an American troop transport, during the return leg of a voyage to Europe.
It was much less successful than its predecessor.
In later years, Paige would return to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in few films.
It earned a Best Motion Picture nomination, and five other nominations, at the 1989 Genie Awards.
As Macedonia failed to reach the top 10 in the final, the country was forced to compete in the semi-final of the 2007 Contest.
The Rumford Public Library is a library in Rumford, Maine.
He is perhaps best known for providing the voice for Jimmy Hopkins which is the main playable character in the 2006 video game Bully for which he was nominated for a 2006 Spike VGA award for best performance by a human male.
According to the Am Law 100 it is the 93rd highest-grossing law firm worldwide and is constantly ranked as a top tier law firm.
Gloucestershire played 19 first-class matches at the ground from 1923 to 1937, playing their only game there in 1937 against Kent in the County Championship.
Akshay Kumar was nominated as Best Actor and Kajol for Best Actress at the Filmfare Awards.
The inaugural champions were the team of Luke Graham and Tarzan Tyler, and the final champions were The Hart Dynasty.
She has since opened Cantine Copine, where she announced she would not be pursuing Michelin stars.
Males can reach a maximum total length of 82 centimeters.
It is in the Tahoe National Forest not far off the Pacific Crest Trail, and adjacent to Castle Pass.
The main functions of the 610 Offices include coordinating anti-Falun Gong propaganda, surveillance and intelligence collection, and the punishment and "reeducation" of Falun Gong adherents.
Rachie, frequently sung to the hymn I Bob Un Sydd Ffyddlon, is a Welsh hymn tune.
Tall and flat organizations differ based on how many levels of management are present in the organization, and how much control managers are endowed with.
The Ruling Passion (1922) and The Millionaire (1931).
William Holcombe Pryor Jr. (born April 26, 1962) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit and a Commissioner of the United States Sentencing Commission.
The 2nd AIF formations provided the bulk of Australia's deployed forces, while many of the Militia formations were employed mainly for home defense and many were only partially formed before being broken up without seeing combat.
The Wiggles Movie Soundtrack is the eighth Wiggles album.
He did ask the university about its accreditation and was told they were accredited.
He was replaced by Scott Bradshaw, who performed as the band's vocalist on both of their recorded albums.
He now writes about cultural topics.
Album titles originally proposed by singer Steve Kilbey included Bastard Universe and Hologram of Allah, but these were rejected as too inflammatory.
ACE inhibitors, a type of blood pressure medicine, preserve kidney function in patients with diabetes.
Robert Cartwright (born August 1930) is an English art director.
Day by Day is a Doris Day album released by Columbia Records on December 17, 1956.
Danuria obscuripennis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Danuria.
Mozambique competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, United States.
Shegavicha Rana Gajanan is a Marathi released on 11 December 2004.
After the breakup of Acorn Computers in 1998, Castle Technology bought the rights to continue production of the A7000+.
Russian Travel Guide TV is an international documentary television channel focused on the cultural and geographical variety of the world's largest country.
Sitrick and Company is a Los Angeles-based public relations firm started by Mike Sitrick in 1989.
Michael P. McCoy (born April 1, 1972) is an American football coach and former player who is currently the offensive coordinator of the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL).
Year 1235 (MCCXXXV) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
Klosterneuburg Dukes is an Austrian professional basketball club based in Klosterneuburg.
The encyclical followed the commencement of Nazi Germany's programs of "euthanasia" of the disabled, and race-based murders of Jews and other minorities, and is therefore significant for its reiteration of Church teachings against racism and the killings of people with disabilities.
The Liberal Democrats lost overall control of the council.
Callahan was repeatedly elected as a Republican to the United States House of Representatives, serving from 1985 to 2003.
Schaphorst was awarded Composition Fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts in 1988 and 1991, the Wisconsin Arts Board in 1997, Meet the Composer Grants in 1987 and 1997, and was a Music Composition Finalist in the Massachusetts Fellowship Program in 1986.
Kalakkura Chandru is a low-budget Tamil film released in 3 January 2007.
Although he was not a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, he was as a member of the Board, and did attend all meetings the post existed from 1702 to 1964.
Billy Williams took 9 for 29 for Yorkshire against Hampshire in 1919 and Tom Emmett 9 for 34 against Nottinghamshire in 1868.
MPVC joined the United Front.
The community was named after one General Welby, a railroad official.
Also, Selina and Tabitha set to find money from a biker gang.
For the difference, compare List of stadiums by capacity with List of sports venues by capacity.
The first digit is the thumb, followed by index finger, middle finger, ring finger, and little finger or pinky.
The judges provide critiques of each competitor's performance and determine nine of the ten people who enter the final shows.
In the late 1990s, HRDC gained public headlines across Canada following numerous poorly thought procurements, notably dozens of server computers using the Unix operating system, this despite the fact that the purchase far exceeded the department's computing requirements.
The British Rail Class 419 Motor Luggage Vans (or MLV) were battery electric multiple unit cars built from 1951-61 by BR at Eastleigh Works.
A third place match is included and played between the two losing teams of the semi-finals.
The film Slumdog Millionaire, which won eight Academy Awards in 2009, has been subjected to a number of criticisms, notably regarding how it portrays Indian society and alleged exploitation of some of the actors.
Such creatures are reported as being much larger than the commonly accepted New World monkeys.
Brandon Costin is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.
DePinho is married to noted cancer geneticist, Lynda Chin and has three children, Alexis, Carolyn, and Joseph DePinho.
Because the shipwrights made mistakes in the ship's construction.
This gate faces to the village Gatali Ford (ravine) which is called also Patan Gatiali or Gatiyalian, the important point to cross the River Jhelum for the Kashmir Valley, thus the name.
Fear of the Digital Remix is the third studio album by industrial band Deitiphobia, released in January 1995 by Myx Records.
Yamba station is a located 50 kilometers from Alice Springs in 1940 four blocks were selected and subdivided from 17 choices in Bond Springs.
XEUN-FM is a radio station in Mexico City.
The election coincided with the 2006 U.S. senatorial election and the 2006 Wisconsin gubernatorial election.
Coleophora insulicola is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
The game was completely dominated in favor of the Seminoles.
Hance recruited drummer Mark Doyle (formerly of Loud Lucy, Verbow and Woolworthy) and bassist Johnny Furman (formerly of The Webb Brothers, The Lupins and the Darlings) in late 2003.
BGU was established as a teacher training college for the Diocese of Lincoln in 1862.
In the UNIX community the term means the acquisition of a file or set of files across a network.
Further, mudsillers believed that these laborers were "fatally fixed" in their status.
On 23 April 2015, a landslide occurred in the Khawahan district of Badakhshan Province in Afghanistan.
Kevin Hamlin (born June 22, 1979) is an American professional stock car racing driver who has competed in the NASCAR Nationwide Series and NASCAR Camping World Truck Series divisions.
The hearts of warm-blooded animals can pump much more effectively than the hearts of cold-blooded animals.
Both children and adults can develop glomerulosclerosis and it can result from different types of kidney conditions.
In three recent books, he has addressed issues of the relations between the press and government, especially related to the conduct of the 21st-century United States wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Since commencing operations in New South Wales in 1974, the organization has grown to become largest provider of practical legal training (PLT) in Australia and New Zealand.
Sabaskong Bay 35H is a First Nations reserve on Lake of the Woods in Ontario.
Vaughn works as an insurance agent and continues to live in the town of Kingsport, Tennessee.
The county was originally established in the state of Virginia by act of its General Assembly on 17 March 1837, using lands taken from Giles and Tazewell counties.
The Away Team after hearing a vocal demo.
He's also performed at SXSW at Austin in Texas.
It was a major Adult Contemporary and R&B hit, reaching number two and number four on those charts, respectively.
Trechus akkusianus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae.
The 1979 European Parliament election in Ireland was the Irish component of the 1979 European Parliament election.
However, this club is usually less pronounced in females and is entirely absent in some species.
It is a joint venture of the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company and Borealis of Austria.
The book was published on July 7, 2009 by Hyperion.
It was released in March 2003, the album broke all the records and expectecions everyone had.
Aruba competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31, 2011.
On 21 June 1701 he was made colonel of a regiment of foot to be employed in Ireland.
He became an official spokesperson for the party, and contested the Ontario riding of Scarborough West in the 1993 federal election.
TFLI was created by the Tennessee General Assembly in 1986 to promote the learning and teaching of foreign languages.
Anton Chekhov-class motorship is a class of Russian river passenger ships.
The station is currently owned by Galaxy Communications and features programming from ESPN Radio.
The Metro pylon sign installed in May 2012 displays the station's name as Artesia Transit Center, but it was renamed to display "Harbor Gateway Transit Center."
It is also the birthplace of noted former college football coach Barry Alvarez.
The School of Education is one of the ten constituent colleges that compromise Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It also has an interest in the connecting 95 Express Lanes project on Interstate 95.
Barachois was an Acadian traditional music group from the Evangeline Region of Prince Edward Island.
All soft drinks are fill in pet bottles of 0,5 and 2 liters under strict quality control regime.
There are at least 20 described species in Scotoleon.
It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alaska, Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba and the Yukon Territory.
NISM is an powerful autonomous body governed by a Board of Governors.
313 (three hundred [and] thirteen) is the natural number following 312 and preceding 314.
Glory By Honor IX was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Ring of Honor (ROH), which was only available online.
The model gives a summary of the information in the data, in the same way as principal components analysis does for two-way data.
As a sculptor, Stoten has made maquettes for the animation film industry whilst also sculpting a range of Gorillaz figures for the designer toy company Kidrobot.
The Gillikin Country is the Northern division of L. Frank Baum's fictional land of Oz.
The manuscript has decorated canon tables, initials, and incipits and explicits.
Earth Learning Idea (ELI) provides free Earth-related teaching ideas, designed to be practical science and geography resources for secondary and primary teachers and teacher-trainers and trainees across the world.
Katana electoral district was replaced by the Gampaha multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections.
Premiering in 2005, each week the program paired two (and occasionally three or more) Canadian musicians for an hour-long concert in which the artists collaborated on a mix of material by all of the involved artists as well as cover songs.
It designates the UN Secretary-General as the chief administrative officer of the organization, which includes the staff of ECOSOC, the Trusteeship Council, and other organs.
Vascular Health and Risk Management is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research in cardiology.
Chrysobothris fiskei is a species of metallic wood-boring beetle in the family Buprestidae.
Thick Noon is the debut album from comedian Nick Thune released by Comedy Central Records on February 23, 2010.
Over the Top is a 1987 American sport drama film starring Sylvester Stallone.
See List of scientific laws for falsifiable laws that are said to apply universally and literally.
This ensures that the secondary pump activates only when the primary pump is overwhelmed or fails, and keeps the secondary pump free of the debris in the bilge that tends to clog the primary pump.
Billy Rogers (born 29 March 1989) is a professional Rugby league player.
FORDA has taken up a number of issues related to resident doctors since its inception.
The festival commissions works for the event from locally and from abroad.
Others, however, such as Norway and Russia, have endorsed the plan.
Weston was mentioned in the Domesday Book, and part of the 1989 BBC adaptation of Prince Caspian was filmed in the village.
Reasonable time is that amount of time which is fairly necessary, conveniently, to do whatever is required to be done, as soon as circumstances permit.
The Riotous Assemblies Act, Act No 17 of 1956 in South Africa (taking effect 16 March) prohibited gatherings in open-air public places if the Minister of Justice considered they could endanger the public peace.
Pascal Dupuis (born April 7, 1979) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger .
The Fokker 60 is a stretched freighter version of the Fokker 50.
He was born at Redhill, Surrey, and was educated at Reigate Grammar School.
As a juvenile plant S. heterophyllus has distinctive fiddle shaped leaves and a divaricating growth pattern.
The site was leased from the Forestry Commission in 1986 and is managed by the Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust.
Max recovered 5 fumbles and advanced an airborne fumble by Troy Brown 30 yards on 10-15-95.
He is also a former physical trainer.
Satwant Singh is a Zambian rally driver, and 8-time winner of the African Rally Championship.
Extinction debt has important implications for conservation, as it implies that species may become extinct due to past habitat destruction, even if continued impacts cease, and that current reserves may not be sufficient to maintain the species that occupy them.
Irving F. Greengo (born February 9, 1925) is an American former politician in the state of Washington.
Kramer published his debut novel, These Things Happen, in 2012.
He partnered with Robert Rust until Rust died in 1905.
Flesh-eating zombie-like mutant cockroaches terrorize a peaceful island community presented as a New England fishing village.
Portland and Detroit played a week 9 regular season game in London, Ontario at Little Stadium.
Calhoun serves the communities of Hardin, Batchtown, Hamburg, Kampsville, Michael, and Mozier.
Kirk Farmer (born August 27, 1979) is a former American football quarterback.
Many types of competitive skiing events are recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Back from the Grave is a series compilation albums of 1960s garage rock created and compiled by Tim Warren and released by Crypt Records.
He was selected with the last pick of the first round selections, pick 16, in the 2008 AFL Draft.
The client and server will run in Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, IRIX, and an array of other platforms.
It was the 10th staging of the Wimbledon Championships, and the first Grand Slam tennis event of 1886.
Theivanaiammal College for Women, is a women's general degree college located in Villupuram, Tamil Nadu.
History: Mob Music is a collaborative studio album by American rappers E-40 and Too Short.
The cenotaph takes the form of a monolithic stone block in a sepulchral shape.
In 2008, Summit Christian College moved into a newly remodeled campus in the neighboring city of Gering.
After finishing twenty-fifth in Barcelona (1992) for mixed skeet, forty-ninth in Atlanta (1996), and twenty-third in Sydney (2000), his highest ever placement, Maskell did not improve his standard in the same program, as he hit a total of 117 targets to share a thirty-first-place finish with Chile's Jorge Atalah and Germany's Axel Wegner.
Yvonne Martin was a French film editor.
The history of Iranian animation, which began in its modern form in the mid 20th century in Iran, can also be traced back to the Bronze Age.
The NAAB is a signatory to the Canberra Accord.
The U.S. Probation and Pretrial Services System, also called the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services, part of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, is the office of the federal judiciary of the United States.
As of the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 287,702.Flatwoods is a home rule-class city.
PC video game play by voice, controlling PC applications and programs by voice and creating speech commands to trigger a browser to open web pages, or trigger the Windows operating system to open files, folders or programs are Tazti's primary features.
Technorealism is an attempt to expand the middle ground between techno-utopianism and Neo-Luddism by assessing the social and political implications of technologies so that people might all have more control over the shape of their future.
Katherine Leckie (died July 22, 1930) was a Canadian-American journalist, editor, and active suffragist.
This is the first album without guitarist and founding member Bernie Versailles, who is presently on an indefinite medical leave of absence from the band because he suffered an aneurysm in October 2014.
He received his education at Wilson High School, Wilson College and Government Law College, Bombay.
Soeraedi Tahsin (died February 25, 2003 in Amsterdam), also known as Eddie Soeraedi, was an Indonesian journalist and diplomat.
Uromacer catesbyi is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
He may be best known as a friend of future Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King.
It charted in the USA (Billboard: No.11) and UK (No.8).
The magazine generally presented a Haredi viewpoint.
He and MacMurray were the only actors in the cast who appeared throughout the entire series.
An Iowa native, she currently lives in Atlanta, Georgia.
In addition to air transport, from December 18, 1956, through February 14, 1957, ships of the Navy's Military Sea Transportation Service (USNS Eltinge, Haan, Marine Carp, and Walker) transported 8,944 refugees from Bremerhaven, Germany, to Camp Kilmer, NJ, USA.
In 1943, towards the end of his time as an undergraduate at St John's College, Oxford, he wrote several works of fiction, verse and critical commentary under that name.
Belgaum City Corporation is the municipal governing body of the city of Belgaum in the India state of Karnataka.
Today it is considered a nomen vanum.
This format puts CD-i software and data into the pregap of Track 1.
She studied acting at the Academy of Live and Recorded Arts (A.L.R.A) and in 2006 made appearances in at least two BBC productions including an episode of Footballers' Wives and Jane Eyre.
This is a list of airports in Mauritania, sorted by location.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since August 4, 1995.
The town is a rural farm and bedroom community, being close to the University of New Hampshire.
Dave Knudson (born October 13, 1976) plays guitar with Seattle based indie band Minus the Bear, and was previously the guitarist for mathcore band Botch.
It has tried to position the stadium for extensive soccer use.
He played college football for the University of Hawaii.
1-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoropropene (HFO-1233zd) is also under development.
Aybek Orozaliyev (born 12 April 1984) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who is a midfield player of Alga Bishkek.
It was broadcast on NBC and its affiliated networks of USA Network, Bravo, PAX, MSNBC, CNBC, Sci-Fi, Trio, Telemundo and other NBC Universal stations and was heard on any Clear Channel radio station.
The city had city council that was converted into municipal corporation in 2013.
It was laid between Oban, Scotland and Clarenville, Newfoundland.
After Hazel, Benjamin would only get roles in a limited few number of movies and guest starring roles on television.
Grant remained as coach for the following season and in September 2016 was appointed coach of VAFA Premier club St Kevin's Old Boys.
Kallipennu is a 1966 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by PA Thomas.
The album was Young's second for Blue Note, following on from Into Somethin'.
Moira Donegan, a former assistant editor at The New Republic, initially created, organized and anonymously posted the spreadsheet online.
F4 Danish Championship is a Danish motor racing series for open-wheel cars complying with FIA Formula 4 regulations.
It was recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label in 1978.
The film was selected as the Chinese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 62nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The editor-in-chief is Stephen Hayden (University of California, San Diego).
By winning the tournament, Wisconsin was awarded the Broadmoor Trophy and received the WCHA's automatic bid to the 1998 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Byron Stephen Georgiou is an American financial lawyer, investor and political activist.
It was also remade in Hindi as Mere Sapno Ki Rani (1997), starring Sanjay Kapoor, Urmila Matondkar and Madhu.
The Government Documents Department receives government publications from all levels of government (local, county, state, and national), and from many areas around the world.
Solihull is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by Julian Knight, a Conservative.
So I don't know how I'd be anything else...
It is 40 miles north of Philadelphia, 7 miles south of Allentown, and 76 miles west of New York City.
Adults have white forewings with wavy pale bands and a wide rusty brown mark near the middle above a dark dot.
Nunes Barreto (Belchior) was a 16th century Portuguese Jesuit priest who acted as a missionary in India, China, and Japan.
This is a list of the moth species of the family Oecophoridae found in Australia.
Loos had a critical role in the subsequent Batavia Mutiny, becoming the leader of the mutiny after the original leader, Jeronimus Cornelisz (Corneliszoon), was captured.
In addition to his professorship at Weill-Cornell, he is also Director of the Division of Systems Neurology and Neuroscience at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center.
Voters were asked whether they approved of Tatarstan being a sovereign state.
In 1998 the second album, "Deviate," was released to huge praise from press and fans alike.
Recently, he took part in a protest against violence in Liverpool as part of a march organized by charity Term Time.
He is the author of more than fifty role-playing game rulebooks and supplements, including the award-winning Transhuman Space.
Due to the happening, Willie Revillame dropped his hosting stint from the show.
The capital was almost out of fuel and transport of supplies caused by a crippling general strike in southern Nepal on 17 February 2008.Major towns are connected to the capital by telephone and domestic air services.
It is a part of Nalanda lok sabha constituency along with other assembly constituencies viz Rajgir, Harnaut, Hilsa, Nalanda, Asthawan and Biharsharif.
He is currently the Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Education and Higher Education, and was formerly the Parliamentary Assistant to the Premier.
Sing-Along Songs is a series of videos on VHS, betamaxs, laserdiscs and DVDs with musical moments from various Disney films, TV shows and attractions.
A/S in 2008, where he is still co-owner and chairman.
The 62 Pompeii earthquake occurred on 5 February 62 AD.
He is also executive producer and writer for The Big Bang Theory.
The band found themselves heralded in the pages of British music magazines such as the NME.
Arunachal has prohibited bribery or coercion for conversion since 1978, but there is no record of coerced conversions and no one has been brought to trial under the law.
The Predominant ethnic group in the town are the Bwatiye (Bachama) people who have a reputation of being unconquered warriors in all their history.
These are the results of the men's doubles competition in badminton at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
It was released on September 21, 2004 on The New No Limit and Koch.
The consumer advocacy group Public Citizen says that by attempting to give the appearance of a grassroots organization, the Save Our Species Alliance web site is an example of Astroturfing.
The two main ingredients are the annedda or balsam fir and a yeast harvested in the vaults of the first commercial brewery in Quebec.
It was recorded at Jack Clement Studio B in Nashville, Tennessee.
One issue in the elections was the proposed amalgamation of the colony with neighboring Southern Rhodesia.
Gunpoint is a 1966 Technicolor Western film directed by Earl Bellamy starring Audie Murphy, Joan Staley and Warren Stevens.
Orleans was originally from New York City.
Bartley Green is a residential suburban area and electoral ward to the south west of Birmingham city center, England.
Much of the politics of the remainder of the century centered on land use.
Jovan Santos-Knox (born July 5, 1994) is a professional Canadian football linebacker for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
For historical developments prior to the Old English period, see Proto-Germanic language.
For providers following the Patient Centered Medical Home model and the quality standards published by the National Committee for Quality Assurance Referalink provides a solution for Element 7A: Referral tracking.
The Airedale Beagles is a beagle pack founded in 1891.
Peter G. Jordan is the President of Tarrant County College, a community college in Tarrant County, Texas.
Francis College for Women is a Catholic minority institution which is located in Begumpet, Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
It was formed after the first Earth Day in 1970 by community activists in Ann Arbor.
Namangan is a raion (district) of Namangan Region in Uzbekistan.
Denis Walsh of the St. Finbarr's club was the championship's top scorer with 0-31.
Highly publicized and controversial, Born Innocent was the highest-rated television movie to air in the United States in 1974.
In May 2011, Phillips and his wife privately settled a wrongful death lawsuit in which they had been accused of having permitted minors to consume alcohol at their home in Bastrop, Texas.
He played fifteen seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) between 1995 and 2009 for the Milwaukee Brewers, Houston Astros, San Diego Padres, Boston Red Sox, and Los Angeles Dodgers.
She is often referred to as a stepdaugher of Emperor Maximian by ancient sources, leading to claims by historians Otto Seeck and Ernest Stein that she was born from an earlier marriage between Eutropia, wife of Maximian, and Afranius Hannibalianus.
The Bear Formation is a geologic formation in Montana.
The BentProp team continues to actively seek the execution/burial site of the three B-24 crew members who parachuted out of the stricken aircraft but were immediately captured by the Japanese.
A small congregation in Winston, Oregon is also affiliated with, but not formally a member of the group.
Simpson came to Geelong via the 1996 AFL Draft and made his first appearances in the 1998 AFL season.
A year later on July 4, 2017, he raised the bar again by raising his record to 72 hot dogs; and again the following year to a world record of 74.
There are more than 25,000 active members of the association across 65 affiliate societies worldwide.
She is the author of A Wild Constraint: the Case for Chastity.
He was invited to the Strasburg Physiological Institute where he worked with F.L. Goltz on blood circulation before moving to Leipzig in 1879 where he worked under Julius Cohnheim.
They also recorded a new version of "Forever", featuring Udo Dirkschneider on backing vocals.
The combined effects of these two compounds may be responsible for the toxicity of methoxyflurane to some of the major organs of the human body.
The lyrics reflect the toll that running their company Apple Corps had taken on relationships within the band, especially between Paul McCartney and the other three Beatles, as well as Harrison's dismay at John Lennon's emotional withdrawal from the band.
Distilled in Mexico since 1933, Controy or Naranja (US Market Name) is an orange liqueur sometimes credited as being used in the first Margarita.
It is also being developed by Intra-Cellular Therapies for the treatment of bipolar disorder, depression, and sleep and behavioral disturbance in dementia, autism, and other neuropsychiatric disorders.
The six-member ensemble (including sisters Cathy and Claire Massey on vocals) released an album on Chrysalis Records in 1988 and a second on RCA Records in 1991; they are best remembered for their US top 40 hit, "The Truth".
In August 2017, two new versions of the Tile were launched, the Tile Sport and Tile Style.
Honda Odyssey was a line of single-seat four-wheel all-terrain vehicles produced by the Honda Corporation between 1977 and 1989.
Chest hair is hair that grows on the chest of a person in the region between the neck and the abdomen.
This suspension bridge contributed greatly to the town's development, opening for new markets on both sides of the river; it was replaced by a new suspension bridge at the same site in 1887, the still standing, present Hammersmith Bridge.
Many households have a microwave oven, a dishwasher and other electric appliances.
Born in 1956 in Vendee, France, Bruneteau migrated to Australia with his parents in 1967.
Since its release, the film has become a cult classic.
Lisa Angell (born Virginie Vetrano, 21 September 1968 in Paris) is a French singer who represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song "N'oubliez pas".
At the beginning of the recording sessions, Vicki Blue left the band and the bass lines on the tracks are actually played by Lita Ford.
Mahla Lake is a lake in Douglas County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
The album focuses primarily on Irish folk music.
All this does not change the traditional Afghan determination to treat other nations as friends but not as masters, and to retain complete control over domestic and foreign policies.
She began her career in 1977, working as a teacher at Trinity Christian School in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Thalassemias are genetic disorders inherited from a person's parents.
Elmwood Park is a village in Racine County, Wisconsin, United States.
The term "class" is etymologically derived from the Latin classis, which was used by census takers to categorize citizens by wealth in order to determine military service obligations.
The series is the third offering of TV5 Mini Serye.
A reception report is a means by which radio stations (usually short- and medium-wave broadcasters) receive detailed feedback from their listeners about the quality and content of their broadcasts.
After a section of the Church of the East became Catholic in 1553, both the Nestorian and Chaldean churches intermittently attempted to regain their old influence in India.
The station has a real-ale bar housed in the former ladies' waiting room.
For the period before the creation of the United Kingdom, in the home nations and their colonies, see Militia (Great Britain).
Vyndktvx is an impish supervillain who appears in DC Comics' Superman comic books.
With no hope of Huey's survival, his family and a few close political allies gathered at his bedside.
Star Lake Township, Minnesota is named after the lake because the township consists of nearly the entire lake.
The railway analog for passing places are passing loops.
She was sold in 1993 at the Manchester Ship Canal.
Albania was listed as the 17th participant, performing 9th at the first day of semi-finals, however in the end did not take part or broadcast the contest.
Julie Bradbury (born 12 February 1967) is a former English female badminton player.
Johns Hopkins Bayview has 426 licensed beds and 45 neonatal beds and is home to one of Maryland's most comprehensive neonatal intensive care units, a sleep disorders center, a comprehensive neurosurgery center/neurocritical care unit, an area-wide trauma center, the state's only regional burn center and a wide variety of nationally recognized post-acute care and geriatrics programs.
A post office called Creswell operated from 1869 until 1902.
In 1979, she was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Well logging is performed in boreholes drilled for the oil and gas, groundwater, mineral and geothermal exploration, as well as part of environmental and geotechnical studies.
Bitter Harvest is a 1963 British dramatic film directed by Peter Graham Scott and starring Janet Munro and John Stride, about a young girl who rejects marriage to become a kept woman.
Grammar Grouches, Language Laws, and the Politics of Identity, published by Delacorte Press in 2011.
Limnonectes megastomias is a species of frogs with fangs that was discovered in Thailand in 2008.
It was re-designated as the 22d Observation Squadron in March 1921 as part of the permanent United States Army Air Service.
The eight songs presented were voted on by ten regional juries.
It has been commonly referred to as "The Yellow Brick Houses" by local residents in the immediate vicinity.
She next portrayed the artist Margaret Keane in Tim Burton's biopic Big Eyes (2014), for which she won a second consecutive Golden Globe Award for Best Actress (Comedy or Musical), becoming the fourth actress to achieve this feat.
U-19 Asia Rugby Championship is an international rugby union competition for Under 20 national teams in Asia.
Dilip Ghose (born 5 December 1932) was an Indian cricketer.
Anant Pratap Deo is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
As a result, the Buick GS series were the most opulently equipped GM sport models of their era.
In 1965, Dr. Ruth Sullivan was one of the founders, of the Autism Society of America (formerly called the National Society for Autistic Children), and was its first elected president; she is also on the permanent honorary board of the society.
All four books, published between 1997, 1998, 2002 and 2007, are commonly assigned in the curriculum of upper elementary and middle school grades in Canada, and in some parts of the United States.
It featuring Colin Baker in character as the Sixth Doctor.
Alandur metro station is an elevated metro station that is part of the Blue Line and the Green Line of the Chennai Metro, and serves as an interchange station between the two lines.
It was one of five houses owned by the family on their private lane.
In 1875, he married Mary Louise McLellan.
Mehrunnisa Parvez is an Indian writer of Hindi literature.
Mirshikar are a Muslim community, found in North India who were traditionally hunters and trappers of birds and small animals.
As a vasohibin protein, VASH2 is closely associated with the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) family of proteins as well.
He was born in Pune, Maharashtra, India.
Kurtziella powelli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
Her sister was the eponym to the Crystal Kelly Cup.
Church is dedicated to Nativity of Mary and was built in 1793.
The listing was announced as the featured listing in the National Park Service's weekly list of January 29, 2010.
The majority of pupils from Gargunnock Primary continue their secondary education at the nearby Stirling High School, with others attending Balfron High School.
Arizona Highways promoted the art of Ettore "Ted" DeGrazia, showcasing his artwork especially in their December issues.
Brookeland is an unincorporated community in southwestern Sabine and northwestern Jasper Counties in the Deep East region of the U.S. state of Texas.
Camp appeared in supporting parts in Apocalypse Now (1979) and The Seduction (1982), after which she played Yvette the Maid in the 1985 comedy Clue.
This makes it difficult for newly settled sea urchins (juveniles) to survive, making barrens more dangerous for juveniles than for adults.
Training and competition for Nordic ski jumping takes place year round thanks to a plastic mat out-run on the 90m jump.
The county was organized January 29, 1841 as Kinderhook County and renamed in 1843 for Charles Pratt, 1st Earl Camden, Lord Chancellor of the United Kingdom, and leader of the Whig Party.
He was recruited to play for the Penn State Nittany Lions out of Downingtown East High School.
The first single, "Coming Home" had premiered on NRK P3 and on her Facebook page on 15 October.
Thomas Howe (born 17 September 1944) is a Liberian middle-distance runner.
He played for the Atlanta Falcons and the Denver Broncos.
The stadium holds 17,443 spectators and was built in 1990 as the first football-specific stadium in South Korea.
It was built by Abner Pratt, a former chief justice of the Michigan Supreme Court and United States Consul to Hawaii under President James Buchanan.
This series consists of nine volumes of post-war blues recordings from Chicago, Detroit, Memphis and the Delta, New Orleans and the Southwest.
The Scottish Championship, known for sponsorship reasons as the Ladbrokes Championship, is the second tier of the Scottish Professional Football League, the league competition for men's professional football clubs in Scotland.
Tradition holds that St. Patrick herded sheep on Slemish, in the heart of the Diocese, when first brought to Ireland as a slave.
Women in Shakespeare is a topic within the especially general discussion of Shakespeare's dramatic and poetic works.
Since access to the site has always been restricted, the Fort Sully site has remained well preserved to this day.
He played first-class cricket for Delhi, Orissa and Uttar Pradesh between 1966 and 1978.
When the education-only Power Macintosh G3 All-In-One was introduced in early 1998, the 5400 and 5500 were both discontinued.
According to its long title, the purpose of the Act is "to consolidate certain enactments relating to juries, jurors and jury service with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act 1949."
WFLY (FLY 92.3) is a Top 40/CHR station licensed to Troy, New York and serving New York's Capital District as well as the surrounding areas, including the Adirondacks.
It has been recorded as a vagrant in New Zealand.
Scared Sacred is an independent film produced in 2004 and released in 2006 by director Velcrow Ripper.
This mnemonic first appeared in the IBM OS/2 magazine article by Oleg Vishnepolsky in the November 1989 issue.
Matthews co-wrote tracks along with Josh Pyke, Megan Washington, Mark Sholtez, Rod McCormack, John Castle, Kim Richey, Anthony Egizii and David Musumeci.
The national rail network connects it to Dublin and Rosslare Europort.
Thrianta is a breed of domestic rabbit that is brilliant red in color, with fawn under its paws and tail.
Only about 5% of the natural habitat, the Texas ebony-anacua (Ebenopsis ebano/Ehretia anacua) plant community, remains in this area.
Simon Cowell said that Revell's bet was the inspiration behind his new game show called Red or Black?.Revell also owns iGaming Recruitment, a website that matches online gambling companies with job applicants.
The National Front was ultimately banned by the Germans on 14 December 1941, along with all other Dutch political parties except for the NSB.
Later, it was officially reported that there were a series of five bomb blasts carried out by suicide bombers on the same day in five different areas of the city.
The film was released on 14 April 2018.
Richard Thomas Snodgrass is an American computer scientist and writer, currently employed as a professor at the University of Arizona.
This title was one of several regional NWA Southern Heavyweight Championships which included the Carolinas, Florida, Louisiana and Tennessee versions.
The station is currently owned by Colquitt Broadcasting Company, LLC and features programing from ABC Radio and CNN Radio.
They are one of the first teams from Italy, along with the Rome Lions.
This was limited to 1,100 copies.
Logan was in the winner's circle to present the first winning trophy.
Since the University College was founded in 1942 it has been a model for programs for freshmen at other universities.
A significant number of these properties are a result of the establishment of Fort Snelling, the development of water power at Saint Anthony Falls, and the thriving city of Minneapolis that developed around the falls.
Kalaikkal Kumaran was supposed to create a record for appearing on more than 20,000 stages but he lost his vision due to cataracts and left the field.
Examples of enabling factors could be family support, access to health insurance, one's community etc.
Charis Elizabeth Kubrin is an American criminologist and Professor of Criminology, Law and Society at the University of California, Irvine (UCI).
The station is on the Central line, between Marble Arch and Oxford Circus, and on the Jubilee line, between Baker Street and Green Park.
It is published three times a year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Economic History Society of Australia and New Zealand.
The chef, Toby Gritten, won the Best Chef award at the Bristol Good Food Awards in 2013.It is a grade II listed building.
WinSystems is an employee owned embedded systems manufacturer specializing in rugged industrial computer products.
Like all Elliott waves, grand supercycle waves are subdivided into smaller generations of waves.
He also fought for the European Boxing Union bantamweight title, but lost.
Prestongrange House is now the site of Royal Musselburgh Golf Club.
Most modern Z-machine interpreters have the ability to save Quetzal files.
All D.L.S. candidates already hold advanced degrees, typically more than one.
The office of First Lady of Botswana is currently held by Neo Masisi, wife of His Excellency Mokgweetsi Masisi.
Nevertheless, other enzymes (peroxidases) including peroxiredoxins and glutathione peroxidases, which use thioredoxins or glutaredoxins as reducing substrates, also contribute to H2O2 removal in plants.
Searching the ULI, you will be able to locate resources in all the main academic institutions in Israel. .
An outdoor version called longue paume was a demonstration sport at the 1900 Summer Olympics.
In Hayden v. County of Nassau, 180 F.3d 42 (2d Cir. 1999), the Second Circuit affirmed the district court's dismissal of a suit brought by White and Latino police officers alleging violations of the Equal Protection Clause and Title VII.
It features sixteen professional teams from around the world.
Franco Emanuel Cervi (26 May 1994) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Benfica as a winger.
He is also the author of Frontiers of Faith: A History of the Diocese of Sioux City and We Are Called: A History of St. Mary's Parish, Remsen, Iowa.
He was apparently "accidentally assassinated" at point-blank range on 20 December 2014 at a fake police checkpoint in eastern Iraq by an unknown party.
The 1954 Bathurst 100 was a motor race held at the Mount Panorama Circuit, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia on 19 April 1954.
In a nod to the nearby NAS Moffett Field, SHS adopted the Jets as its school mascot, and their fight song was to the tune of the U.S. Air Force song.
He later earned a master's degree at the University of Maryland, College Park in studio art.
The letter has been endorsed by thirteen other American Psychological Association divisions, and has been signed as a petition by over 15,000 people.
A typical work flow consists of loading a 3D model, configuring/optimizing the 3D model and lastly adding widgets and logic to the presentation.
Katy Perry had 10 nominations, including top artist, top female and Hot 100 artist.
In September 1985, a nationally attended press conference at Pimlico outlined the details for a 9-race, $1 million program and introduced the 18-member Maryland Million committee.
The annual Tech Expo was launched in the 5th edition-ATMOS 2016 as a platform for innovators to showcase their projects to prospective sponsors and incubators.
The film stars Biju Menon, Miya, Srinda Arhaan, Salim Kumar, and Kalabhavan Shajohn.
Sheriff Muir was tasked with the role of coroner, constable, and election returning officer.
Barbara Carroll Forrest is a professor of philosophy at Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond, Louisiana.
The double "L" in the abbreviation refers to the early practice in the University of Cambridge to teach both canon law and civil law (Doctor of both laws), with the double "L" itself indicating the plural.
Emo is a small rural township, located along the Rainy River in northwestern Ontario, Canada, directly north of the state of Minnesota.
He ran in the 2014 gubernatorial election for Governor of the United States Virgin Islands, defeating Donna Christian-Christensen, the longtime Delegate to Congress in a run-off.
He currently works at Google, where he works on the search engine and helps to prepare Code Jam.
Critically, the album received mixed reviews from music critics.
Christopher Monger, a native of Taff's Well, wrote the novel, The Englishman who Went up a Hill but Came down a Mountain.
Formed by Marvin Vriesde in 1996, they got their big break nationally when they won a prestigious regional talent competition, The Grote Prijs van Zuid-Holland 2004.
The album's fourth single, "What It Is (Strike a Pose)" was released in July 2008, replacing "L.I.F.E." Producers for the album include Cool & Dre, Scott Storch, The Runners and Dr. Luke.
The ship was launched on 20 November 1940, sponsored by Miss Eugenia Merrill.
A doppelganger domain is a domain spelled identical to a legitimate fully qualified domain name (FQDN) but missing the dot between host/subdomain and domain, to be used for malicious purposes.
Marian Anderson House is a historic home located in the Southwest Center City neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
For his action on July 6, 1943, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
Tanglewood Guitars is a British manufacturer of stringed instruments, including electric, acoustic and classical guitars, bass guitars, banjos, mandolins, ukuleles, and guitar amplifiers.
For weeks a rain of shells fell on the beach, the marsh, the harbor, and on anything else observable from the hills, with little distinction between forward and rear positions.
PMRDA is headed by the Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis as the chairman.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by South Western Railway.
The Savant Investment Group, LLC is an independent, fee-only wealth management advisory group.
Over the course of the series, she and her family increasingly become entangled in illegal activity.
Langhe-Roero and Monferrato is the official name of a UNESCO World Heritage Site comprising "five distinct wine-growing areas with outstanding landscapes" plus the Castle of Grinzane Cavour in the region of Piedmont, Italy.
Completed in 1940 for Johan Ludwig Mowinckel Rederi company, she was named after Francisco de Goya.
Many of these breeds were originally developed as fighting dogs from cross breeding bull-baiting dogs (used to hold the faces and heads of larger animals such as bulls) and terriers.
The former was found on Maui and Molokai on Hawaii, the latter was found on Oahu.
Time travel in modern fiction is sometimes achieved by space and time warps, stemming from the scientific theory of general relativity.
It was the first book written by travel author Peter Jenkins, with support from the National Geographic Society.
The American Association of Foreign Language Newspapers was founded by Louis Nicholas Hammerling in 1908.
MotorCoach Australia was an Australian bus manufacturer in Geebung, Brisbane.
The season concluded on 16 November 2010 after 22 episodes.
It reached a peak of 35 on the pop charts, while peaking at number 1 on the dance charts and number 15 on the UK charts.
At the 2010 census, its population was 388.
He is a Fellow of the Institute of Physics, and was knighted in 1991.
Dunworth was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1990 to 1992, representing the electorate of Sherwood from the 1990 by-election to 1992.
It is found throughout the Oriental tropics of India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Japan and South East Asian region.
They are currently led by head coach Walter McCarty and play their home games at the Ford Center.
Until Mac OS X 10.7, FSEvents did not "watch" the filesystem, such as Linux's inotify: the API provided no notifications for changes to individual files.
"Bart" Freundlich (born January 17, 1970) is an American film director, television director, screenwriter and film producer.
Meanwhile, eventual winner Luyendyk had already begun accelerating away from the field.
Specifically, MOVHPD causes the value at an 8-byte memory region to be either copied to or assigned from the upper half of an XMM register.
In the beginning of his acting career in Manipuri films, he used to play antagonistic characters.
Keeping a dream diary conditions a person to view remembering dreams as important.
The Coelho AC-11 (also called the AC.11 and AC 11) is a Brazilian homebuilt aircraft that was designed and produced by Altair Coelho of Eldorado do Sul and introduced in 1994.
Farmland preservation is a joint effort by non-governmental organizations and local governments to set aside and protect examples of a region's farmland for the use, education, and enjoyment of future generations.
It was nominated for being one of Washington County's finest rural houses, and for its association with a notable figure in the local milling industry and ice trade.
He died on 4 July 2009 at the age of 71 and had recently been elected Deputy Chairman of the local Fire Authority.
It may be the subject of wall paintings in the church at Claverley, Shropshire, England.
Flowers are small and yellow-brown, hence not very showy, but the bright red or orange berries are conspicuous especially in the winter.
These operations were ordered by Saddam Hussein's Fedayeen Saddam, supposedly Uday Hussein himself, to use martyrs as suicide bombers.
Among the oldest southern hairy-nosed wombats ever documented were a male and a female from Brookfield Zoo just outside Chicago.
The name orange-bellied trogon has also been suggested, but this leads to confusion with the Central American Trogon aurantiiventris.
Flash Flash Flash is the first full-length album from The Explosion.
